I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!Biggest &amp; Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!NursesDoctorsGrocersFarmersTeachersCustodiansPharmacistsTruck DriversUtility WorkersDelivery Perso…"I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!Hope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!“Ever since (Mini Mike) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances, his support has dropped.” @abcnews  Dropped a lot. Only his highly paid consultants, who are laughing all the way to the bank, still support him...And by the way, he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!If necessary, the president should use the Insurrectio…"“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano  @foxandfriendsTonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm &amp; vigilant!Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!The…"Jack Welch, former Chairman and CEO of GE, a business legend, has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and supporter. We made wonderful deals together. He will never be forgotten. My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife &amp; family!Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on @TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! @FoxNewsMail-In Voting, unless changed by the courts, will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History! #RIGGEDELECTIONHeading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading, not following!As usual, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest Rate. We don’t, putting us at a......@FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be, unlike their competitors, @CNN &amp; MSDNC (Comcast), Fair &amp; Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave @FoxNews permission to partake in their low rated debates!Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! @SenCoryGardnerReally Big Jobs Report. Great going President Trump (kidding but true)!The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBartiromoGoing welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!I am so stunned. I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years! Steve M. @MariaBartiromoBreaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!..We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT! Edward Lawrence @FoxNews@RussVought45 @MarkMeadows @USTreasuryI will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A.M. on the Jobs Numbers! White House.Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer  @CNBCOUR GREAT USA WANTS &amp; NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBCWe have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than  all major countries combined!Since you’ll be speaking with Virginia Democrats today, do you think Gov. Ralph Northa…"The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, &amp; will be a “Miracle” end!Watch the trailer ...If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!@Rasmussen_Poll also says 87% Republicans…"When you start with only 24% of respondents being Republican, what…"""[Joe Biden] scares me now.""Biden’s ban on fracking wo…"Here are @CNN’s 2018 exits - a great year for Democrats - which still showed 33% GO…"Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking &amp; asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. &amp; the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt &amp; sick!Our Daily Presidential Tracking poll today shows Black Likely Voter approval of the job @real…"Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, &amp; then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, &amp; the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time &amp; effort!Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS  later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out &amp; embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!This would be all of America under @JoeBiden.That America would be a SCARY…"Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference. Where do these people come from?Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸.@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @stpatrickscath!...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!""We are wondering why we should vote for someone who…".@CardinalDolan  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @StPatsNYC!....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &amp; read &amp; see that I am angrily eating a hamberger &amp; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work.....The incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment...The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!....schedule and eating habits, written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me. I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &amp; read &amp; see that I am angrily eating a hamburger &amp; Diet Coke in my bedroom. People with me are always stunned. Anything to demean!I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing @nytimes about my work........Lawsuits should be brought against all, including the Fake News Organizations, to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there, do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!....to the REAL REPORTERS &amp; JOURNALISTS who got it right. I can give the Committee a very comprehensive list. When will the Noble Committee DEMAND the Prizes back, especially since they were gotten under fraud? The reporters and Lamestream Media knew the truth all along.......We should be standing up straight and tall, ideally with a salute, or a hand on heart. There are other things you can protest, but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING!When will all of the “reporters” who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia, Russia, Russia, only to have been proven totally wrong (and, in fact, it was the other side who committed the crimes), be turning back their cherished “Nobles” so that they can be given....I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital. The fact is, they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!Tod…"....fraud @donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching @FoxNews, in record numbers (thank you President Trump), are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running @FoxNews. But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”....I am a big fan of Drew Brees. I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks, but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag. OLD GLORY is to be revered, cherished, and flown high....@FoxNews just doesn’t get what’s happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News @CNN &amp; MSDNC wouldn’t let @FoxNews participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings Democrat Debates......@MayorBowser is grossly incompetent, and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington, D.C. If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward, she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis!Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed.  Thousands of jobs started back. They will close again. How can we lose?So weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!Reports that H.H.S. Secretary @AlexAzar is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos &amp; havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.” Does sarcasm ever work?Trump…"The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016. The Radical Left Anarchists, Agitators, Looters, and just plain Lunatics, will not be happy, but they will behave!Fine, ban the Washington Redskins. Then move on to my long list of terrible team names, writes @danhe…"....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW &amp; ORDER!BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!Our officers are not ""paramilitary."" They are civil…"Stop…"So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!This would never have come to pass ha…"HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!Throw the book at them!“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends  Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!New evidence that the bureau knew the Russia info was phony in 2017.IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!Case in point: She just claimed she is “not getting invo…"Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!Explicit Chinese propaganda: no problem.Op-ed from a Republican Senator supported by most American…"STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!Thank you for answering our prayers.A grateful NationLAW &amp; ORDER. VOTE!RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. VOTE!It’s a…"1 - Russia Collusion hoax during campaign2 - Mueller's sham3 - Illegitimate impeachment…"BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!This will make your day, folks! Happy…"401(K). VOTE!She stood in front of her fancy refrigerator and congratula…"Real journalists…"Serious, fact based, calm but in commandEven the journos were reasonably well…"BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!The parties ""agree that this…"SPACE FORCE. VOTE!Simple: He excluded…"MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge, former head of Homeland Security, trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland, who last night was booed &amp; shouted out of existence by the agitators &amp; anarchists. Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm!PRO LIFE! VOTE!The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are hurting the working men and women of our Country!or are they😜"BETTER &amp; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!Obama, who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries (and even then waited a long time!), is now making a commercial of support. Remember, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them. I wouldn’t be President. They did a terrible job!The President “did” say…"“Every person who was allegedly in th…"PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!They want us divided.SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!I condemned it immediat…"PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!This way every American c…"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!"Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainBlame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours, and even days, to pay their respect to their President. If I didn’t do it, Media would say RUDE!!!There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!“Fuentes unequivocally denied @TheAtlantic…"The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANNI will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs &amp; knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas &amp; @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts, places from which we won two World Wars (and more!). Like me, Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture”.STOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points!  28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!Worst Senator"....invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” mdevine@nypost.com  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!She doub…"""They try to do everything they can…"Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls.Robert Mueller’s office deleted 19,000 text messages between Lisa Page and her lover Peter StrzokHow is that no…"It's not what we expected.If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh.Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!Trump gets it."“This is a flat out lie. They (the media) are making things up” @CharlesHurt  @IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control. It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are!96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!“The Constitution is not suspended in times of crisis.”The Attorney Ge…"So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania &amp; West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an........invincible hero, who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him, but the Chinese virus as well. He will show America we no longer have to be afraid.” @MirandaDevine @NYPost  Thank you Miranda. Was over until the Plague came in from China. Will win anyway!New York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor &amp; Mayor are destroying the place!Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!The wonderful Charles Payne @cvpayne of @FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book, UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY. Get it NOW. So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money”. Also, Charles just happens to be a Great Guy!Wow. Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v. Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest. He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court. This is what the Dems will do. Remember as they try changing positions before elections end. GET OUT AND VOTE!It might take stores longer than usual to resto…"“The middlemen are making a fortune an…"Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABORTION, right up until the time of birth, and beyond - which would be execution. Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia, who stated this clearly for all to hear. GET OUT &amp; VOTE!!!We are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th, the day after the Election. These shutdowns are ridiculous, and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election, perhaps, in our history! #MAGAMy Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus. Now they see the GREAT job we have done, and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &amp; are up in polls. Lots of $’s &amp; ENERGY!Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!Many States moving to SAFELY &amp; QUICKLY reopen!This jobs report serves as an emphatic reminder about the strength of @realDon…"Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states. If Biden gets in, this violence is “coming to the Suburbs”, and FAST. You could say goodbye to your American Dream!FEELING GREAT!Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by @GregAbbott_TX""Those who fought here won a future for…"I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!"NEW MEXICO! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail. Make sure your vote counts!This is truly a WIN for all Americans!Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &amp; the others simply took him apart, is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts. His Florida ads are lies. I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy!....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!Because of the China Virus, my Campaign, which has raised a lot of money, was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it (China Ban, etc.). We did, and are doing, a GREAT job, and have a lot of money left over, much more than 2016....I’m glad @realDonaldTrump is focused on thi…"They are not “peaceful protesters”, as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them, they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities. Call me and request Federal HELP. We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the U.S. Marshalls in Portland!...to virtual pennies. Epi-pens went from their incredibly high, jacked up prices, to lower than their original give away bargains. Biggest price reductions in history, by far! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens, especially our Seniors. REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT!Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!Wow! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party (and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday). Thank you!Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!LAW &amp; ORDER!REPEAL SECTION 230!!!The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along party lines. Hopefully, will be DEAD in the Senate! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids!Much smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!.@CNN &amp; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fortunately they have a very small audience!...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court, Amy Coney Barrett. Our Economy is doing very well. The Stock Market is at record levels, JOBS and unemployment...Law enforcement has been informed. @Twitter should…"Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their...Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW &amp; ORDER!...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked...I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington, D.C., now that everything is under perfect control. They will be going home, but can quickly return, if needed. Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated!This is a different man from his fir…"Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!Remember this is the trial of a…"Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!@BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police. @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth  Great going Brandon. You really get it!!!Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments.They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed, high crime, Cities and States. They were never in it to help the workers, and they never will be!Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete &amp; total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), &amp; a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme Court Justices, rebuilt our once depleted Military, Choice for Vets, Biggest Ever Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Saved Healthcare &amp; 2A, &amp; much more!Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP! @SenatorWicker Thank you!....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you....At the request of @SenJohnKennedy &amp; @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving &amp; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!twice...in his first term!"Heading to North Carolina. See you soon!This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition Party (Lamestream Media) covers everything up - especially the corruption. The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history. They even spied on my campaign!Police Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes &amp; Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!"Congressman Buddy Carter (@Buddy_Carter) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia. Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Vote for Buddy! #GA01"We need @KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military, Vets, Border Security and the Second Amendment. Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #GA06Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA1 Dossier originall…"Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA.@seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight. Great crowd! Also, congratulations to Sean, @TuckerCarlson and @IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings!The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls &amp; Fake News will not save the Radical Left."...I know Ronny well. He will NEVER let you down. Solid as a rock. Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #TX13 #MAGA.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...The crowd lov…"Now @alekskarlatos.There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!The Lamestream Media, including @FoxNews, which has really checked out, is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland, Seattle, and other places. They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters, not radical left ANARCHISTS!Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &amp; looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypostAll Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. Unfortunately for our Country, people have acted very slowly, especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country. Act!!!The more parents understand this, they realize that they actuall…"Opinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, &amp; everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!I built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak &amp; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked.Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country &amp; our Flag?Describing the *views of the Founders* and how they put the evil institution o…"LAW &amp; ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting. Same numbers, and worse, against Crooked Hillary. The Dems would destroy America!The House &amp; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support, &amp; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business. Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act. Have this money. I will sign now!The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!11,00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms. 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots, with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT. Many others throughout USA. Here we go. This will be the most corrupt Election in American History!We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!Big day for Stock Market. Smart money, and the World, know that we are heading in the right direction. Jobs coming back FAST. Next year will be our greatest ever!If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ($1,200), they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY. I am ready to sign right now. Are you listening Nancy? @MarkMeadows @senatemajldr @kevinomccarthy @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumerI don't have much more to add besides th…"Big liberal cities are trying to bait Trump into sending Feds across the country…"This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW &amp; ORDER!He was nominated by Christian Tybring-Gjedde, a mem…"I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin &amp; Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...President Trump is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for helping broker the peace agreement between Israe…"At @realDonaldTrump’s direction we’re working around the ⏰ w/…"“This has been a week of national action and of great national sol…"What took so long?"Congratulations on your nominat…"“Democrats &amp; Activists call to Defund Police Departments. They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young.” @mirandadevine @nypost @foxandfriendsIf only Democrats hadn't politicized i…"""The people who have received the Peace Prize in recent years…"Doing so would weaken the rule of law &amp; cause chaos in the US.President…"President @realDonaldTrum…"Well deserv…""Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher. Sign up today!#MakeAmericaGreatAgainThey will have before them a stark choice:President Trump’s e…"The United States Navy, or the Department of Defense, will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well, and with such great compassion &amp; skill. This will no longer be even a point of discussion! @CardinalDolanThe U.S. economy added 2.5 million jobs in May.Great to be in Texas!""They're coming armed with ro…"""We know what their aim is. The…"I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P.M. Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House..@FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland. We are demanding that the Governor &amp; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them. To complicated to discuss in a Tweet, but bad reporting by Fox (possibly on purpose!). @DHSgov""A city dump truck was set on fire""""Rocks, batteries and other items... were thrown at…"NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!Here’s a list of issues he’s flip-flopped on:AbortionImmigration…"New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to report!Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment. @OANN  I watched, he fell harder than was pushed. Was aiming scanner. Could be a set up?...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!The failed former Governor of Michigan, RINO Rick Snyder, who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster (and I let him know it!), is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden, who doesn’t have a clue! Snyder, whose political career was ruined by Flint, hurt a lot of people in Michigan...They knew the Trump Campaign didn’t collude with Russia.They knew the…""Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station!...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!In the last 100 days you’ve embraced policies to crush local police, wipe out borders, give…"...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it...On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter”, who is known for disinformation, the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial. We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE. Even Biden admits this may not be true...#Obamagate"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this. Also, highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries!!! @WSJ...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs....@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In Portland, we are protecting Federal property, including the Courthouse, which wouldn’t last a day!With Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &amp; FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!#Obamagate"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Kate Brown, Governor of Oregon, isn’t doing her job. She must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the Anarchists &amp; Agitators in Portland. If she can’t do it, the Federal Government will do it for her. We will not be leaving until there is safety!This bill gives our men and women in uniform the resources and supp…"Drug prices will soon be lowered massively. Big Pharma (Drug Companies) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit. When you watch a Fake Ad, just think lower drug prices!!!""Yes, someone is robbing my house.""""The police no longer exist.""""But someone is robbing my house!""""Check your pri…"#TrumpDerangementSyndrome#Ob…"Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner, Guy Caligiuri, in St. James, Long Island (N.Y.). Great Pizza!!! @VarneycoSenate passed #FY21NDAA, the 60th bipartisan NDAA:Giving troops a pay raiseBolstering our combat advantagePro…"My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting (not Absentee Voting, which I totally support!).We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGAMust know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!President Trump's action…""My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus. If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus, donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES! Together, we will beat the Virus!I’m proud my Secure U.S. Bases Act was included which will…"New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!Fake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, &amp;  systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &amp; Rapists.” @SenBillCassidySomebody please tell Congressman Clyburn, who doesn’t have a clue, that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the U.S. than Europe, is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World. If we had no testing, or bad testing, we would show very few CASES.......Our massive testing capability, rather than being praised, is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner, the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats, as a point of scorn. This testing, and what we have so quickly done, is used as a Fake News weapon. Sad!They want to silence anyone who exposes t…"Anarchists, Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland, or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States, will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &amp; Monuments Act. MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON. Don’t do it! @DHSgovPRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump has an army, which…"NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!Can’t go to work.Can’t go to school.Even Dr. Fauci says protesting is dangerous.But Democrats enc…"We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible. By the way, Bernie’s people love me on Trade!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!".@BillHagertyTN, an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever (Japan), is running an excellent campaign for the Senate. He loves Tennessee and loves our Country. We need him badly in Washington. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY!....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful, sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll. Actually, they are sick and deranged Anarchists &amp; Agitators who our great men &amp; women of Law Enforcement easily control, but who...""Nobody talks about the soldiers that are coming back with no…"Pelosi &amp; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!Now @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!Pelosi &amp; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments, which is so terrible, especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed, it’s the fault of China!Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!Did stop…"Just spoke with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom. Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus. I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come, a great guy!We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!#RepublicanConventio…"My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!“Comey is a disgraced lier &amp; leaker. Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI. They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election. Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen.” @SarahHuckabee"I’m with you all the way, thank you!This is all outra…"Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs, which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods. If Dems win, GOODBYE SUBURBS!We are saving this country:Trump is winn…"We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators!"Wrong! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country, 60,000,000. If we tested less, there would be less cases. How did Italy, France &amp; Spain do? Now Europe sadly has flare ups. Most of our governors worked hard &amp; smart. We will come back STRONG!Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so? No, because he knew they were good and proper answers. Calm, no panic!Democrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &amp; ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”.Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine.Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern.“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends  They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, &amp; Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern."Moderator cut off @VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus. This is what he was referring to...""Restoring American manufacturing is a core matter of n…"“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!🇬🇧T…"A “Day…"Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!Mike Pence WON BIG!"THANK YOU MICHIGAN! #MAGAWill be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A.M.  @FoxBusiness  Great Jobs Numbers &amp; Economy, Plus!When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat, raise your Taxes, knock out your Second Amendment and Defund, or close, your Police. The Suburbs would be next, get ready. Also, and incredibly, PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT. This is not what the USA wants!!!  #MAGA...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay...If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working overtime!The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden &amp; Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!I’m s…"“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smart and witty @greggutfeld, is on sale now. It is great, Canceling Cancel Culture. Make his book as successful as his T.V. Show. Buy it now!Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!First it was the Russia hoax, then sham impeachmen…"LAW &amp; ORDER!Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!We are for…"""The only thing that stood between the enem…"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!By 2025 it will have spent $580B to make electricity nearly 2x more expensi…"Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from @USDOT. I’m designating $3.6 million to reconstruct its terminal building, in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State. Glad to help the people of Arkansas!- Cost of taking down old wind turb…"More than 400 first respon…"Great news for Florida! $3.3 million will be sent to @flyKissimmee from @USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements. This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy!She has already weaponized impeachment, what’s to keep her from…"I am designating $18.77M from @USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania. @PITairport, Northeast Philadelphia Airport, Erie International Airport, and others around the State. GREAT news for a GREAT State!BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairport. Over $21.1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from @USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements. This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region!I am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio, including @goingplacescle, @CAKairport, and several others, for improvements, updates, and safety. Great for the economy and the people of Ohio!Another HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way. I’m designating over $4.8 million from @USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp. This, along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada, will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State!I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!.@marklevinshow to discuss my new book, “Live Free or Die: America (and the World) on the…"...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood......With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!WATCH MOR…"The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me, only because I am lowering drug prices massively, 50% and more! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years, but never did...Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico, Wanda Vázquez Garced. As I have always said, Donald J. Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico. The drug manufacturers are now coming back. Biden ended that program! @wandavazquezgPelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews  Enjoy!...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into Portland one week ago, there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground. If the Mayor and Governor...Biden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!In this installment Matt recounts…"I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.Their agenda is the priority. Everything they do is advocacy. Everyth…"🔹 Stay alert and follow instructions from local officials🔹 Let family know…"Steve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!FIREBRAND:Dispatches from the front lines of the MAGA RevolutionCrazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, &amp; God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO.  ENJOY!!!Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!.@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNewsWhen you see the Drug Companies taking massive  television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission. Thank you to all!Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities”. Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence. So many lives lost.......today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities...Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced...Not the 25th amendment.Elections on November 3rd.Eyes on the prize and nevermind Twitter's shiny metal distra…"They can’t wait 3 months ?They know…"Obama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow, a Criminal Act. How is Biden now allowed to run for President?Does you feel safe mailing in your ballot?Under @realDonal…"Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro, a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader. Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia. I stand with you!Congratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!With the exception of New York &amp; a few other locations, we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus. Many of these countries are now having a major second wave. The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA (&amp; me) look as bad as possible!As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &amp; Murdered Native Americans, today, I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &amp; the Not Invisible Act. We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &amp; crime victims. Forgotten NO MORE! #OperationLadyJusticeFAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Cases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 50% in new Rasmussen Poll (higher than Obama at this point in time). Thank you!My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines &amp; Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait &amp; hit us. Pathetic!RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court, it would permanently destroy the Court. @judgejeanine @tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this. He has zero chance against them!My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden supporters, and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number. Sad!15 minutes to @MariaBartiromo interview. Enjoy!This is the best deal the Republicans could get?.@NateSilver538  “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it  so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!People don’t remember the chaos, hatred &amp; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places,  were a complete &amp; total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc.Biden evades “Court Packing” question. @FoxNews  Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the U.S. Supreme Court. Don’t let this, and so many other really bad things, happen. VOTE!OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage, at the highest level possible, to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President, S.J.@sagethelaxbro  Hi SageBig Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!This legislation marks the single…"“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTERecord 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 53% Approval Rating Overall. Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago (Gallup) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration, even as we round the turn on the China Plague. Thank you. Next year will be the BEST EVER!!!Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &amp; Vote by Mail! #MAGAI am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis@TonyDABodyguard @Seanelmi  I agree--and thanks."THE WALL STREET JOURNAL“Trump Wins in Portland”“Something big has changed in Portland, Ore. After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse, the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically. What happened?” William McGurn @WSJ"@adrienne_jensen  Thanks!Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!The…"@sbowlin1  Thanks--you will love it.See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. Portland would be the norm!California is going to hell. Vote Trump!New York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts. It will take months, or years, to figure out. Florida has built a great infrastructure, over years, with two great Republican Governors. Florida, send in your Ballots!The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice. Personally, I would pull back, approve, and go for STIMULUS for the people!!!Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”.  VOTE!!!Maxine Waters’ $6 Million Mansion.Do you know where I’m NOT?Her District.Mansion Maxine Wa…"I’m running against Adam Schiff.He doesn’t care about improving our 28th District or America.…"He hasn’t run tv ads against a Republican opponent in 20 years.He’s now running them aga…"The American people deserve better than Adam Schiff a…"• Remove national disgrace Adam Schiff from Congress;• Deal with the problems facing California’s 28th Dist…"What did Adam Schif…"Schiff has been in Congress since 2001 and has accomplished nothing.There are 22 days until President Trump is re-elected.Liberals, what are you offended by to…"No Days Off!…"November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight.@RevRome83 @CelebApprentice @bretmichaels You won't be disappointed!Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!STOCK MARKET UP BIG!So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &amp; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied &amp; cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGASTOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!Early Voting begins TODAY! Jim Crow Joe has had 47 years to provide solutions for our Country and has prov…"Great being back i…"@tuserious854 The Art of the Deal is a good start.Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio. The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News. We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016. November 3rd. will be a great day for America!!!  #MAGASo Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!!  VOTE307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster.What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprenticeTonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010!Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland."--From Donald Trump: ""Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father."""Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend!Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump"RE: Michael Jackson: ""He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. It’s a devastating loss!"" -Donald J. Trump"Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump"Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - ""I've always been a believer in second chances."" says Donald Trump""""My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them"" --Donald J. Trump"Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm.  He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago..."All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's ""World's Best Awards 2011"" ....."Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote!  #EvanForSIMy best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBCWatch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBCBe prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBCBe sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, ScotlandTune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!"I am very happy to have the civilian version of ""The Apprentice"" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity."I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattresssertaFriday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a tripCheck out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattresssertaPerforming live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots..@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprenticeThe Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las VegasI'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity ApprenticeGeorge Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNNWishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours."Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for ""The Ultimate Merger"" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ..."Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.The Dunes here are amazing, and  they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great tripThe North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'"""Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go"" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm  very proud to support"Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!"The premiere of ""Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf"" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!"This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read.Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. It was an impressive group,  I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.”Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!"from Donald Trump: ""I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!"""Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad."I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book ""The America We Deserve"" and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough."Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states."""It's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work."" #TimeToGetTough"The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.@TrumpCollection tops @TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats @TrumpNewYork, @TrumpLasVegas, @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHoThe Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.In order to preserve my options and guarantee that @BarackObama is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.“Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill, consumers do.” #TimeToGetToughMy new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever."""Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will."" #TimeToGetTough""""The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.""  #TimeToGetTough"I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us."""People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't."" #TimeToGetTough""""When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?""  #TimeToGetTough""""It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.""#TimeToGetTough""""We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment."" #TimeToGetTough"China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. @BarackObamaThe lightweight, @JonHuntsman, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough"""I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family!"" -RushLimbaugh"Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.If speeches and memoirs created jobs then @BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan.With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.#noratings @Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio."""Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period."" #TimeToGetTough"It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PMThe first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump TowerHope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pmThe habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!"The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama ""asked"" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.""""We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers."" #TimeToGetTough"It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!"""So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq.""#TimeToGetTough"Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there."The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,@BarackObama has ""asked"" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough"Look, here's  the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetToughWe need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm@Amazon sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.@BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbart re debate.Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.A  great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing,  @TImeToGetTough, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets..."Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book ""Time To Get Tough""  from 11 am to 2 pm.""I'll be signing copies of my new book ""Time To Get Tough"" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough""I'll be signing copies of my new book ""Time To Get Tough"" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.""""Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair, balanced , and informative."" @ralphreed"Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. @ralphreed"Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre ""workplace violence."""You know what is the worst part of @BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.Happy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC  is a great organization.Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific."""The Architect"" @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him."Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better."President Reagan put it best: ""Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."""Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetToughFirst there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America.My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.  #TimeToGetToughHere's my message to @BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  #TimeToGetToughThe new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!"If ""The Art of the Deal"" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough"" is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!"Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetToughHe ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84, you  lost 49 states. Sad!The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.In order to get elected, @BarackObama will start a war with Iran.Iran's continued public threats of annihilating @Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetToughReal unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until @BarackObama is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetToughThird quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until @BarackObama is defeated.Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil."The failure of the ""Super Committee"" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough"American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.Congratulations to @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels"I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. ""Time is money""---The Art of the Deal."Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetToughThe habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead, again.As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.  #TimeToGetToughYesterday @BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.When the Super Committee fails, @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan."If @BarackObama wanted the ""Super Committee"" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?"The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetToughWashington is simply incapable of any moderation because @BarackObama is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia.  Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough@Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately @BarackObama is no friend of Israel.Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed."In the span of two months @BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, has called America ""soft"" and lazy."" He loves to criticize America."My new book,  Time To Get Tough,  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.“When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch.Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.@BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.@BarackObama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough"@BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, called America ""lazy"" this past weekend while in Hawaii."@BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this @BarackObama’s economic recovery?2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @BarackObama must be defeated.To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that @BarackObama is both corrupt and inept.The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @THEHermancainRick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  @RickPerryMitt Romney did great in the debate last night.The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage, @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.  We can do better.Reporter @AlHunt is one boring and low vision guy!Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!"Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the ""Arab Spring""?"The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.Our worst threat to unemployment is @ObamaCare.  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.When will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on @CNN, full hour. @Piersmorgan won @ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrencePlease only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else, I don't watch your show.Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?"So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a ""Green"" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland."The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?Why is  crude oil priced at $86/Barrel?  OPEC is  ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.  America needs new leaders.The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!"@BarackObama claims that all his choices were ""the right ones."" I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree."Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand:  @BobBeckel is close to incompetent."""Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities.""  -- Midas Touch w/@atheRealKiyosaki"We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning."""Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters."" -- Midas Touch"Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.@BarackObama is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history."@Johnboehner: Stop ""The China Curse"" --- Pass the China Currency Bill!"Happy to have passed 800,000 followers.  Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1AM ESTIf the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House."Stop ""The China Curse"" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!"Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlogTune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.When will @BarackObama release an actual budget?I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!A guy named @BobBeckel on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.The only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.@BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?@BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?"@BarackObama now says  that he is an ""underdog in 2012."" America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate."Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @BarackObama. He is a disaster.The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.Great meeting with @THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.I was on  CNN last night with @ErinBurnett.Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.@THeCelebrityApprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in February.@USGovernment has done nothing to help @AmandaKnox.@AmandaKnox is innocent.  Italian government should pay for this travesty.Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!"@BarackObama said yesterday that we have ""gone soft."" How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?"How many  more billions of dollars will @BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies?Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is  not freed---she is totally innocent.@JonHuntsman called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call.A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately,  Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.Really bad ratings  for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!@JonHuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games."""Sleepy"" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert."China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.It seems @BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #SolyndraOur deficit spending is China’s gain. @BarackObama is bankrupting our country.Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term.@EricTrump is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.@BarackObama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy."""If you're going to think--think big"" --- The Art of the Deal"Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.It seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC."""It  doesn't cost any money to think bigger.""  -- The Art of the Deal"@BarackObama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.@BarackObama -- honored and excited to be listed on @AttackWatch. Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs? Donald.I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.Can you imagine if @BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.Had dinner with @RickPerry last night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record.Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.@BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing @Bobturner9th -- @Israel is our friend and ally.The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.Friends in NY-9, let @BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @Israel.  Vote for @Bobturner9th tomorrow!The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.  Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.  America will boom.@BarackObama---the stimulus will fail, just like the first."I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old ""tax and spend"" won't create jobs."Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.China is happy to learn that @BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. @BarackObama is their favorite client.If only speeches could create jobs then @BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.Why was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors."US should have told Libya ""Rebels"" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support."@BarackObama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.@BarackObama wishes speeches could create jobs.  His job is costing America all of ours.Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.@BarackObama is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open support.China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.@BarackObama MUST release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree.There is no substitute for private sector experience.Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped.@BarackObama inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?@RonPaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.@BarackObama is sure a master delegator. He has sent @Joe_Biden to China. The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.@BarackObama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China.Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes  trillions.Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.@BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes  DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.How will Mitt Romney defend his  record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.Congress should get back to Washington, but @BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on @BarackObama's 50th birthday---coincidence?Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy."If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- ""Watch the fine details in every deal"" -- The Art of the Deal"Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea."""Never quit and always hit back"" -- The Art of the Comeback"I just got Mike Leach's new book,  Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.@BarackObama has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great dealMy wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @QVC at 7 pm ET"@Johnboehner  ""The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.""  --The Art of the Deal"Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.@KarlRove's @CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!"""Know when to walk away from the table."" The Art of the Deal"Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things"Ronald Kessler's new book ""The Secrets of the FBI"" is a great book that should be read by everyone.""""Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally."" - US Senator @BarackObama, 2007""""The Gang of Six"" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.""""China is our enemy--they want to destroy us"" -- Redstate Interview"Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.While @BarackObama seeks to further destroy  our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President."@johnboehner  @EricCantor  ""You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on."" - The Art of the Deal"So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.Every dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!@BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  #TeenUSA"What is better advice- ""The Art of the Deal"" or ""Rules for Radicals""? I know which one @BarackObama prefers."CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!"@johnboehner Debt Ceiling- ""Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal.""""@macmiller ""Donald Trump the Song"" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?""@johnboehner ""Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.""  The Art of the Deal"@johnboehner Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!"@johnboehner Message for House GOP  ""The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."" - The Art of the Deal."If only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency."THe Art of the Deal--""The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have."" CUT, CAP and BALANCE."Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX NewsThe Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewersI'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  Have you?Hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @ComedyCentral.Hey @SnoopDogg @ItstheSituation @SethMacFarlane: Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @Comedy Central.Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it!THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic."Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her ""Melania Timepieces & Jewelry"" collection..."THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!@opus_6  Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.@Earther57  Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.“You have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – Think BIG@sixelA1984 @LilJon @CelebApprentice  Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of The DealRaising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.@phillykayman The Art of the Deal is a good start.@WandaSalley  Thanks--have fun!I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.  #MidasTouchOnce again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp, probably shouldn't be.Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.@Nicholas_Lipton  March 3rd.Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!@Limka11 @Jess_Wiliem98  Thank you.Spolier alert...the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom."""True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is. "" - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)"Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.@ptlyons Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.@mattmaddix  Good luck.@MikeyAdamsWEEI  Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.@lin0729  Yes--he is a great guy!@KryssiTooCool18 Thank you.@MjTis  Yes!@JesseTMaguire @alkapranos Even more--thanks.@mayorgas  Good.@NYClights420 I hope so!@its_nicca @GiulianaRancic @MissUniverse  She was great!“To be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.” – Think BIGRepublicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!It’s Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp, we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.Back by popular demand, the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  The fans love him!When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The DealFrom my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!@lin0729 Yes, Regis is the best!@Skyhawk442 @Rosie I agree!@Earther57 Sounds like the best place!@ReighnSeed Thanks!.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.@MikeCosgrove1  Thanks and good luck.@lovechild419  Thanks Lisa“Deals are my art form.  I like making deals, preferably big deals.” – The Art of The Deal@trondbertil Thank you.@LeahNelBulos Happy Birthday Leah@susanmahoneyxo Thank you Susan.How is @VanityFair editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!Washington is in total gridlock—no trust, no leadership—very interesting!Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit..@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!@AllEECaTT21  Thanks Allison!@jaimeennis @examinercom  Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays@mstang_13  I hope so.@PSU_Brush @Zigmanfreud  Thanks Matt.@Nc777ww  He is a loser who will self-destruct,  just like @Rosie!@CRLindke True!@HyperspaceIT  Thanks--@HuffingtonPost is a total joke--just like @Ariannahuff!@Joey_MoneyRacks  Thanks Joey!"""Work hard, play hard and live to the hilt."" - Think Like a Billionaire""""I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest."" - Dalai Lama"@chidrole Hi JohnOur new @MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.@Cement_MIXa49  Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!@toddulu  Fun!@klisitsin  The Art of the Deal.@mdslhrst  Good move!@candicebazuin @BravoAndy @GiulianaRancic  They were both terrific!@KrystianDior The Apprentice will be great!When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support......now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!”Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @NBC likes me (and I like them!)@pokerswayne @VanityFair  Very wrong dopey!@jbresson  Thanks Justin.@RonCharles @VanityFair @KBAndersen  Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!@ellavdw  You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.@JNorr11  Good reason for a celebration."""The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...""... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road."" - Think BIG"@MandiDeren  I will!@rebamoreland @VanityFair  Great move!@GrantRebhun Hard work but fun.@MoruaGabriel  Thanks!@OXSapphireXO @VanityFair  No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)@random5 You can and you will--work hard.@KevinKuhn5 @VanityFair  Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth.@DanForsley @VanityFair  Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks!@GreenerAG  I agree on both counts!@jimrobbins1973 @VanityFair  I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on @nbc with its first simulcast on @Telemundo!The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! @VanityFair@mattwiemeri  Thanks!If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!@JNorr11  March 3rd.Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.Back by popular demand, @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!This is a buyers’ market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.Okay, I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired!@agreatguy  Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it!In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.“Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. @BillyGraham“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – The Art of The Deal@jtracy08  Thanks Joe.@toddjoldbull  It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it.@jean_penny  Hi JeanMany people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.Video game violence &amp, glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#AngelsPresident Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.@mstacey9 I never went bankrupt.@C_waitforit_J @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.@Lydia_xoxo @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.@dylawn420 @UberFacts Dopey, I never filed for bankruptcy.@derekwilkinson @daniellecfriel Thanks Derek- and true!@hailey_hustlerr Thanks Hailey- you sound great!Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice.  Really good show.“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MarthaStewartWatching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham LincolnWe can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do.” - Think BigEgypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH@Abspara @pennjillette @CelebApprentice  March 3rd. Tune in!@BrettNPU32  Happy BirthdayNo money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp, got nothing for it.Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!@RandyTotty @tjtotty  Happy Anniversary TeresaRe Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal......you can enhance location through promotion and work.Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high, you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think BigThe Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!It’s Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?Trump Miss Universe, simulcast on @nbc and @Telemundo on December 19th, will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show!@Bahleezy  March 3rd--tune in!“Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great, exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The Art of The DealHe’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst......If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.".@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop"""@NathalieS_29  Thank you@hopewellcody Thanks Cody@LeviThompson93 Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard!The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news, killing country.Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!  @Patriots"""Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time.""  Midas Touch""""If you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment.""  Think Big"Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight."""I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.""-The Art of The Deal"If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million &amp, lost all.The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.“You can’t con people, at least not for long.  If you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The DealGreat win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp, Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool..@Lord_Sugar  If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you DonaldDopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar  Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida—just bought it, will be great!People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!Many people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on @nbc and @Univision.Today's job report is not a good sign &amp, we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.Back by popular demand, TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  Marilu does great!I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.Dopey  @Lord_Sugar  I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.Dopey @Lord_Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets......@Lord_Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The Art of The DealDopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp, majesty of Scotland....@Lord_Sugar....but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar--I'm worth more than $8 billion, acknowledged, almost no debt ...Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp, would not be impressed.@RealPro4Real  Thank you.@martinwatt382 True!"""A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him."" --Douglas MacArthur"@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar No, his ignorance!Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you should say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ......instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother, just keep making me money!@Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Sugar, if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won!We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for @yankees.Dopey @Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar, I'm not stupid!When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you...... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.Sugar: @Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show......You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!Sugar: @Lord_Sugar—unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing!.@Lord_Sugar  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.@johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!@Scootray88  Dopey, same people voting over &amp, over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines &amp, the people don’t want them.How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.@sinnerofa10shun  Work hard and love what you do!@achieverdan  Thanks and yes!@RingSherry @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thank you.@madmartinez @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Thanks Darlene.@RealRobHarrand  Thanks Rob!All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!@MacFarb  Wow--very nice!@OrangeTrump @apoliticalbear @ForQ2 @danabrams  Don't be so sure!@bongsi21 @BillGates @itsmeMVP  Work hard!@kleckhardt  Kris, great place, enjoy!@colonopenbrakit  He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!@carloguderian I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds .......on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly &amp, costly wind turbines?Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp, U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.@mchandlerjones I will!@LaraLeaYunaska @EricTrump  And you looked great last night Lara.Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!@OfficialBQGirls @MissUSA2005 @thaLilBit  Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.@JohnG500 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  The greatest compliment of all--thanks!@rodgilbert7 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.@danabrams True--but keep up the good work!.@johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp, negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101.Speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing!Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!“I like thinking big.  To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.” – The Art of The Deal@vincedelisi  Thanks!@HoppMar  So do most smart people!@PhillipMoodie Thank you.@KarlLewis01 Soon--thanks.@apoliticalbear @danabrams  True--thanks.@riggs_deb  Thank you.“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'@rodsandguitars @nbc  Thanks@tommo1903 Thank you.@Kevinsherwin Thank you.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner &amp, really smart!@wtfagain @Beardymilne  You would not even believe how dirty &amp, disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.@Beardymilne @wtfagain I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp, a total loser.@achieverdan Thanks@damonpostal  Thanks.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp, soon coming to Broadway.@SpearsTim Can't pick a favorite--thanks.We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland.Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open &amp, Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser!@Beardymilne @wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous &amp, angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!@kleckhardt  Yes--it is great!@swingtraining  Thanks Jeff.@Danusia234 @SaintsFootyNews  Happy Birthday Andrew@bf2088 Thanks--and good luck.@Arnoldmuks  Thanks.If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AMThe stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!A-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery &amp, will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips.The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented..@danabrams, editor of @mediaite, explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!@arsenioOFFICIAL will do great in his new talk show on CBS. He’s really got what it takes!@Redskins QB @RGIII is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me &amp, Andy Murray, a true Scot, who won the U.S. Open &amp, Olympic gold?Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets.  David is an exceptional player and person.Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  He is an amazing &amp, wonderful guy!@ld06981p  Larry, thank you and keep up the great work!@Wendydyer2  Thanks Wendy.@Alkiwaves Thanks, it will be great.@ItsColinFowler  Thanks.@BubbasLmky  But hard work!Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--&amp, the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp, 5th.Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp, be tremendous success.@Jorkellett. Interesting and thanks.The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC."The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the ""fiscal cliff.""  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans."@lfoshie @piersmorgan Logan: You are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough &amp, talented guy--&amp, very loyal--a rarity in life.Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ...Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...Comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so!@parisitony  True!@osaFoLmiK Happy Birthday and best wishes..@StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston ChurchillI am watching the New York mayoral race very closely...The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp, all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)...... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp, Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!".@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are ""every bit as tough as the guys."" Just think about that statement!"Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!Now that it’s almost over, I can’t believe that unions &amp, management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--&amp, management just got a $1.75M  bonus.I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision.@therealhillyard Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.@AmishFlyers66 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit.In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious,’ @AOL says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more.”  They are welcome.  I just tell it like it is.France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.@JMinello  Very nice, thanks.@skompa @TrumpChicago @TrumpNewYork @TrumpLasVegas @TravlandLeisure Thanks!@TarikaN_11 Motivation is key, so is momentum."Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland ""golf course of the year"""Always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @MarioLopezExtra &amp, @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.Back by popular demand, the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  Our fans will be happy.“He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.” -- Sun TzuWhile Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. @Yankees. @BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracyAs a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbcCrude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.It’s Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?"Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see ""Lincoln."""@atrlimo @EricTrump  Agreed.@mjb7  Thanks!The Trump Tower restaurant, Trump Grill, just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible, “A” – the food is also great!The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp, @AlexSalmond. Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp, Countryside Party.Scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines. @AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular.FM @AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.Great that Pres. O is seeing @MittRomney today—lots of good things can happen.Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp, shaker &amp, a really great guy!@AmauryD3  Thanks!@JosephbyNature Good luck Joe!My son, @EricTrump, is in Memphis at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital...... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!Networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time, I run a really big company!"""It’s often necessary to boast, but it’s even better if others do it for you.” – Think Like A Billionaire""""One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL"I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn.  Proves America can still be great."""You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top"“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter DruckerGabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S......Get along &amp, make deals for the good of the country!Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp, ineffective ads.Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- @jack_welch"""You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top"“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big@RetroJohnny  Thanks@callmemrwayne @realDonaldTrump @DebbieGibson  Thanks Debbie@FromJoachim2You  A great place!@utxgent  Thanks"""It’s more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough, but they’re not smart.” – Think Like A Billionaire"@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a great example.@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.@mselesky @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  March 3rd.@LouisWalshXFact @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.@BrainyRedhead @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great.Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!"""The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL"...It's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property......and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.@NathalieS_29  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.@PaulBocian Thanks, it was wonderful.@shanesgranny Thanks and Happy Holidays.@yorkv01  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!@shanedent  Agreed.When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message..@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday!Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable, bad &amp, expensive energy!"""You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast."" -- Think Big""""Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.""  -- Dale Carnegie""""A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...""... I never felt that I could let up for a moment."" -- Harry S. Truman""""Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...""""Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well."" – Think Like A Billionaire""""In war there is no substitute for victory."" -- Douglas MacArthur"If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere."""Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others."" -- The Way To The Top"Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. RooseveltHope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!"The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing, ""story is dead"" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!"The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEALOn December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc"""It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams."" -- Think Big"I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyReliefFor those asking, my son, @EricTrump, makes zero $$ running his charity &amp, raises a great deal of  $$, all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdnI hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.Pres. Obama’s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job..@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom....@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work."""A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...""...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties."" -- Harry S. Truman""""We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction."" --  Douglas MacArthur"The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.@kabarzombie69 It will be great!@kc5yvv  Thanks!@Jixllr  Thanks!@MichaelRubinton Work hard!@DLEagency @MichaelPhelps  True!@MrsAliciaParks  Thanks!@sAygO_P  I am very truthful!@Manos_Panos  Love what you do!@Corene7  Thank you!@BluePrintBullie A great compliment.@hkshel  Thanks Keith!"""If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking."" --George S. Patton"France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates......expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!"""The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself."" -- Douglas MacArthur"I was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!I am going to give @Rosie a pass.  @Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A BillionaireThe upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  She doesn’t disappoint!"""What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big.""--Think Big"The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken.We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts."""Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. "" -- Mark Twain"“We are fully supportive of @Israel's right to defend itself.” -- @BarackObama--Very good, I like it.Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!@Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt."""Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job.""  -- Think Like A Billionaire""Rapper Mac Miller's song, ""Donald Trump"" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!"Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little...... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce......while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?"All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. ""@cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions."""The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.".@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather ""gross"" show--I have less interest in you than Andre.".@chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!"It makes me feel so good to hit ""sleazebags"" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)"The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!@realDonaldTrump @LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration..@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!“Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The Art of the DealWith the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp, timber will spike-- also, certain real estate.Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!"""I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on."" -- The Midas Touch"@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!"""A house divided against itself cannot stand."" --Abraham Lincoln"President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.@Korkyelmst  You are very nice, thank you.@TraderExpert  Thanks!@amanda_berens  True!@dxerebl  They must actually like me!@EMC_xoxo Thanks!@NYLANDERMAX  Thanks!@BriannaTurano Good!@jenke2501  I understand your message.@RCVenables It is, thanks."If the government doesn't start working together, the media is right &amp, we will hit a ""fiscal cliff.""  We need to avoid this."With our record debt &amp, trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney"""Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt."" – Think Like A Billionaire"Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.@mllemariani  I agree!Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.@rcthompson01 @cher I agree@RobertCherry1  Fantastic!@statereform @Macys  You sound great!@kimberlyykitten  Interesting!@pehbho  I will Paul, thanks.@snugglebun31  I did--thanks for remembering.@JSunday72  Thank you Joey@ErekClementson Thanks ErekJust signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!@cher Old story, one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting, I don’t..@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.@riggs_deb @EricTrump  I agree, he is amazing.@Relmark Thanks Mark@GuitartrashJB  Thanks!Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs.Social media has changed the news &amp, communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day"""I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.""--Harry S. Truman"To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching."""You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much."" - The Art of the Deal"The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi@krnspeech @CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr Sunday, March 3--thanks!@jackmarkou @CelebApprentice @piersmorgan  He is on and he's great!@natrat86  Don't be scared--we will come back."""First of all, you don't necessarily need the best location.  What you need is the best deal."" -- The Art of the Deal"It’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them..@cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!"Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled ""All In."" Did she know something?"Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.Don't forget Benghazi.The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!After Friday’s Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!.@maddow  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment—...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! @maddow"My fragrance--""Success""-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!".@davidaxelrod  David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause!“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew MellonNo surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility.How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.We just passed 1.9M followers &amp, gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life!I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club."Many political pundits are using the term ""Art of the Deal"".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.""""Never ever quit, never give up"" - Donald J. Trump, The Art of the Deal."Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.Wow,  I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation!Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian!She’s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent &amp, no persona. Too many tv cancellations!Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank..@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes..@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble..@antbaxter  Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?.@antbaxter  I predict somebody is going to sue you!.@antbaxter Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp, Aberdeen seeing big benefits..@antbaxter—Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to make—where did you get that kind of money?.@antbaxter—Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!@antbaxter @Salon @antbaxter—Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp, boring documentary is a tremendous flop.9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp, yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!I got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of @NCGOP &amp, glad I delivered keynote at their state convention."Remember to watch the series finale of ""The Men Who Built America"" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History"Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp, he would be President."Remember to watch the series finale of ""The Men Who Built America"" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History"China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal..@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @IvankaTrump says hi.No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.I will and I agree! RT @ZacharyQuinto@realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.@MJGrilliot. Thanks.Letterman @Late_Show had Brian Williams @NBCNightlyNews as guest last night, I was on last Thursday...I  trounced him in ratings &amp, Letterman beat @jayleno last Thursday. Brian—are you irrelevant?Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp, the death &amp, destruction it caused.A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. MorganNow that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.Millions without electricity across NY &amp, NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!We have to make America great again!Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow."Brian, if I'm ""well past the last exit to relevance"" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews"Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNewsBrian, I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNewsThe voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #SandyI’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCaresP.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyReliefHouse of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.Our nation is a once great nation divided!Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!Well, back to the drawing board!@dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!"""Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light."" --George Washington"Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.".@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on ""Law and Order?""""I love show ""Law and Order"" but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!"I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney &amp, @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for @MittRomney.The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet..@ABFalecbaldwin  Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet.@Tappersong  Thanks Gary.Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately.Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp, Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp, NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen“Change can’t be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements.” -- @MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax, VA.Save Medicare.  Vote for @MittRomney.  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp, strong America.  Vote for @MittRomney.In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.@NGen52  I never went bankrupt.@jtylerdowling Thanks@SpencerLJackson  Yes!Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!"""If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid."" Thanks Walter D!"The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, I’ll be there!Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, ManhattanGo out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.".@ABFAlecBaldwin  P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he ""adores you.""".@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for @MittRomney.@mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?.@mcuban Letterman @Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.After 13 seasons, @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well..@mcuban, Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides, you are not the star (&amp, never will be)."Obama just stated ""It's always good to ignore Donald Trump."" I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.".@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway."""I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself."" -- @MittRomney, 11.2.12"Via @WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by @MittRomney@ojmart  Thank you!@acman84  True!Like Al Sharpton, @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!In ’08, America voted for Hope &amp, Change.  Instead, we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!It’s extremely cold in NY &amp, NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.@Lorrainejuliet @EDLTrobinson @FloridaJayhawk @hannityshow  Must be careful &amp, smart!@ewim55 Then he wouldn't be president.@TrickettTweeter  No, his facts are very bad for him.@eheinlen Yes..@ralphreed is doing a great job!"""This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery."" -- @PaulRyanVP"Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!@MittRomney will turn this mess around!Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!"Gary Johnson is asking people ""to waste"" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for @MittRomney."We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.Pennsylvania is in play @MittRomney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @Israel?I think @TheRevAl should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: @RonKaufmanIntrn: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete, if he wins he won’t have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!"""Go as far as you can see, when you get there, you'll be able to see farther."" -- J.P. Morgan"Make sure to catch @history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun, November 11th.  Great show.Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is great as always.Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasolineObama has destroyed the middle class.  In ’09, median household income was $55,198.  Now it is $50,678.  Four more years?I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback."""We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business, we need a president who understands business and I do"" -- @MittRomney"Unemployment is now 7.9%.  Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp, Long Island..@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it..@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.We should not allow @Chrysler to move @Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.With long gas lines &amp, total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot!@turrizal. Thanks.I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp, websites as to their professionalism &amp, fairness—many people asking for this.How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.President Obama missed the deadline!Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.To all @MittRomney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp, manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!"""The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way."" -- Dale Carnegie"@stass13 Thanks!Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister, @NewYorkPost, @NewYorkObserver &amp, @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp, his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice, once he releases all of his records..@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.".@oreillyfactor called me a ""master marketeer"" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp, people come."Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!"I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett @Celtics, said to a crowd ""Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump."""I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?The polls &amp, momentum  are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?@digiphile @RedCross RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charityGlad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?"""Without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything."" --Midas Touch"I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interviewAnother great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.The election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp, kept thousands of people warm &amp, safe during the storm--thanks, staff!Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below, move out!If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies."Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was ""probably"" born in the US--the word ""probably"" is a disaster for Obama."I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.I guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct..@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree."A lot changed when David Letterman said "" he was probably born in this country""--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama."@johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!@BernardMcGuirk. That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!@Bernard McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.@DonnyDeutsch tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.I put @DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and @huffingtonpost at @AOL. I’ll bet she won’t be there for long!If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.Pretty audacious for Obama to call @MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.By the way, where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah....Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?"Be careful of an Obama ""bomb"" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do."The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT@crushthespirit  True!What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.@MikeMpef Thanks, I hope you enjoyed it, had a great time.@destiny_113 @StephenAtHome  I agree.@MaureenPeronne @Late_Show  Thanks, it was a great show..@MRJMF1 @Late_Show Thanks I will.Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section......a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.Dopey Arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!I knew last year that @TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.@yewkalaylee  Great idea.@seketa77  I hope so for the charity's sake@TylarReese Thanks Tylar@LianneOnLife I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.@RyanSeven Sounds like a good idea.@Erizzle05  Only because he has something to hide..@SabrinaSiddiqui  Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain........instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkinsLots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity."""The dealmaker is cunning, secretive, focused and never settles for less than he wants."" --The America We Deserve"It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. EnjoySix days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.I hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him. @yankees@politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.@michellemalkin I fully supported McCain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't..@Mark_Sanchez shouldn’t be too upset over @EvaLongoria.  He will always do great!I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.“Our side needs Donald Trump.” -- @AnnCoulter on @seanhannity’s show last night.  Thanks Ann..@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?).@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides, I get great ratings on The View..@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv  Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!Still waiting for an explanation about why @GiulianaRancic &amp, @BillRancic did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on @nbc &amp, @Telemundo december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.Excited to announce that @GiulianaRancic &amp, @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.How does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets."Just stated by a total pro: ""You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking."""Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American peopleI just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?Glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?”Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp, put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook."""Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack."" -- Sun Tzu"If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.No wonder @BBC is in such big trouble &amp, boss was just fired--they are lost..@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp, yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course."...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump...""""Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated ""'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...".@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!"Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp, Kristen.I don't have time except to say ""Robert, drop her, she cheated on you &amp, will again!""""Last night was the first time Obama said ""we"" instead of ""I"" in respect to Bin Laden's killing."Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!My announcement is tomorrow!Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing, not the President..@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate."When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said ""Ok, go get him""?"Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp, then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!"""Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent, from a director's point of view."" -- Steven Spielberg"No matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.I will be doing @SquawkCNBC at 7:30.Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate.@MittRomney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden."""This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility."" Obama to @MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal."Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than youMy son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday.People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp, are very expensive &amp, unreliable.I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.Derek, get well soon, the @Yankees need youl.Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!"""They succeed, because they think they can."" -- Virgil"Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%.@MittRomney's @RNC convention came in over $3M under budget.  Barack’s @DNC convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!Can't wait for @VanityFair to fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later..@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them."Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on ""When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?""  Sad!"Rev. @BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!@rginn_1 Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp, worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.@RickyTheBitch @ladygaga I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%Newly released NH poll has @MittRomney with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week."Obama has called Libya attack ""a bump in the road"" and ""not optimal."" Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!"Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.@stu120 No, sadly, not even close!.@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).So many tweets &amp, stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.@D_Hastie @lancearmstrong  No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American iconCongratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp, Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!.@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!@JakfromBk Thanks!@MisterJoe49 @Yankees I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs."Obama said ""not optimal"" to Ambassador &amp, embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate."@evaemery Never give up. You have what it takes.Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.With Barry Diller &amp, Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt that @Newsweek would be a massive failure?Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great!@Rosie @realDonaldTrump  Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!"""A penny saved is a penny earned."" -- Benjamin Franklin"The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?@gastronome2  I love India!Hey @Rosie--how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!@waycooljr37 @Nationals Bob Kraft &amp, Coach Bill are far too smart!@YouthPastorDarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @JohnCena Good luck!@toddulu @Nationals I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid.@donmarie16  A total professional.@CalumSpence Greatly appreciated, thanks.@Morali_Arch Great to meet you also.@NeanderthalMan1 @MittRomney  I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.@crazymom28 I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!Derek Jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year, the fans will be happy.I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however.Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.@darbizman  Thanks!@G_Harwood  Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?@PartyCoveMag @espn @politico @WSJ  Thanks!@loveandgarbage  Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did."""The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that."" --Vince McMahon @WWE"@womenzbinder Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!@antbaxter @MailOnline  They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).@jeff_coles  I will--thanks.Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp, the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala DinnerAlert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @WSJ."""When we're talking about math that doesn't add up, how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years."" --@MittRomney"Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them..@mystikangel  Bring @johnrich back? He is back!What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp, will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.@BillRancic  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CCObama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style....Bad decisions can be devastating.Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp, aesthetically.Robert Bryce @NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp, how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster."Remember, new ""environment friendly""  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care."Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp, environment of many countries &amp, communities.Really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.@marileenelson Thanks"My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp, all the ""biggies."" It's like having your own newspaper."My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!I still love Derek, he is a winner!Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot.At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.Verlander pitched great, but @Yankees look truly defeated.Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy."George Will said ""best debate he ever saw"". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting."Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.Obama better than last time, but again, @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debateYou talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done..@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp."Obama just said @MittRomney was ""a very successful investor""--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility."Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk..@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?Good response on jobs by @MittRomney."Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say ""let's get ready to rumble""!"I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.@drumline_mormon  It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp, @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp, 7 so they will win!Get ready for tonight!@MissUSA  Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job..@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp, transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.Good luck @MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.Congratulations to @JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.  @DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast &amp, Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President..@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves..@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep.".@History's wonderful ""The Men Who Built America"" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate"Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked..@antbaxter  Thanks for helping promote &amp, make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!.@antbaxter  Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic, my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of @CelebApprentice..@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for @Israel if Obama is re-elected.Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff gamesI turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching @MittRomney.Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.@jbluvx2 Happy Birthday!Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from @MittRomney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate."""The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government."" -- @MittRomney""""Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by.""Donald J. Trump"If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?I love @LibertyUniversity--such great people!A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.No, I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night..@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.Tonight, despite everything, put A-Rod in the lineup.Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason.They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won."When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say "" what were we doing""."I told you, whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win."""Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality."" -- Warren G. Bennis"When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate."""What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy."" --@PaulRyanVP"Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.With our amazing All Star cast, @Joan_Rivers, @johnrich, @ArsenioOFFICIAL &amp, @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors.Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act.I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebateDoing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt."First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on ""compassionate grounds."" Do you believe?""""There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still."" -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt"@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Great to have you back for the best season yet!ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible."""Wing bangers""-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S."British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp, environment destroying Scottish windmills.Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebateBiden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebateExcellent story on @MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebateBiden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebateHard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebateBoth candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebateGet ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebateLooking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. historyLive tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great timeHow the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!"Why the hell did we help the Libyan ""rebels"" in the first place. That is the real scandal."I suspect @JoeBiden could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well.$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero..@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer"Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it ""mildly"" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter."Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment dealGreat move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs)."""When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it."" -- Henry Ford"@usa67us  Thank youI enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp, waterfall.Sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you."Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an ""A"" grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor."I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!"""You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.""  -- @MittRomney"A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again."""It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes."" Be careful of voter fraud!"Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod."""I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin."" -- Mitt"By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise..@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks...Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.“In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate.” - Think Like a BillionaireWith these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.Greece should get out of the euro &amp, go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time..@ErraticSLK  Shout out = work hard!.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision..@jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @CelebApprentice. Our fans will be pleased.The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty.More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!“The team with the best players wins.” -- @jack_welch.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #ObamaMy friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.Glad to hear that @RobinRoberts is doing well. She is a terrific person.I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!"""To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction."" --Isaac Newton""""Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts."" --@MittRomney"Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!@HighTide1989 Amazing is good too.@LuLuCornbread @celebapprentice  Most likely in February.The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.@FSTLTD @tonyrobbins  Will be a great event. See you in London.Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive..@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my @ComedyCentral roast.@Ajb073  Thank you.Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!"""Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack."" --Sun Tzu"There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.@SiphoSimelane Thank you.@escobedoantonio Thank you@Lexi_Michaels  Yes, absolutely.@escobedoantonio Work hard and never give up!Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.I am very proud of Ivanka!@DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd!Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp, great leader--then dumped him like a dog!See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?.@ritter1025  Wishing your wife a Happy BirthdayIt's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?I'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm.Great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed @MittRomney in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.Big win by @Yankees last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp, company now control their destiny.Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.Glad to hear @SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp, applicationsAl Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing."Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday ""If I were American, I'd vote for Obama.""""Big cancer risk from new ""environmental"" light bulbs""--a big price to pay!"Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S."""I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success."" --Jack Welch""""Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile."" --The Art of the Deal"#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough"In debate, @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states ""born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia."""Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable."""If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves."" -- Thomas Edison"If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you..@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.@Mr_Schwab You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science."""To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time."" --'Midas Touch' with @theRealKiyosaki"My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.@jeffphilbin Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events..@LisaLampanelli  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp, possibilities, &amp, thinking too small can negate a lot of them."""Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment.""--Midas Touch"@BENJAMINPRICE18  Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work."""If you're going through hell, keep going."" --Winston Churchill"Someone must be fired at @AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post..@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records &amp, applications--why is he not doing this?ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.@TheOnlyCdorsey. Thanks.A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard."Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said ""we have a black Muslim in the White House.""""""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."" -- The Art of the Deal""How long will it take for chants-- ""bring back the replacement refs"" -- when a bad call is made?"Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.@baeck I agree!@BenHyrne @LibertyU  Thank you.@RandySpangler Thank you.Jerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.@ArchieMooreBye We have raised millions of dollars for charity.@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU  Thank you"""For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.""  -- Aristotle"Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!"Pres. O -- a ""bump in the road"" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya".@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility..@brandonhardest  Love what you do and work hard.Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years."""Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness.""  -- B.C. Forbes"...One point I made sure to stress at @LibertyU is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you......Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.Obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp, fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly......yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years."One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly ""skin."""Emmys telecast is way down &amp, lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!@designergirla Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!@designergirla Not a bad idea!"""Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail."" -- Charles F. Kettering"@DANCESWITHMETAL  I am sure you would be just fine!@OwenKelly Thanks!"""Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there."" --Will Rogers"Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over."""Amazing Race"" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows."The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp, applications in return?Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp, his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp, the students were fantasticThe Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.@jtatsuno  It's real.I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck......but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.@susanvhinds  A happy and healthy family.I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)"""The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing."" --Albert Einstein"It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.@Ileschinder @willsommer Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)@murekar Thanks, and we will keep you posted.@JesseStroup  Nice to hear--and good luck!Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts....come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp, auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp, opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.@danojano @AFreespeechzone  Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)@angela_pink_fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels Tune in!@RowRee It will be fantastic!Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!I'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox NewsCan you believe--they are blaming @MittRomney for Egypt..@RICKYMONEY  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt..@lightjzup  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.With 49 days until the election, @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.@princeetornam They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.@rdowns I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!"""A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have."" -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln"It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp, financing.Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp, @GOPTeachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding."""Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.""--Johnny Cash"Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney."If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read ""The Art of the Comeback."""@Shawn_Maynard  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.@Steelchecker  Jody--Agreed.Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.@ScottSaia23 Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.@Josh_Beaupre  Josh--Thanks, I think you're right.@MaryEnglish67 @USAToday  Sometimes that's necessary."Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --""Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics."" Why aren't these guys paying me?"@HeinzPak @usatoday That could be. Agreed.@BuckingSlams  Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing."WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song ""Donald Trump.""""""Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program."" -- Milton Friedman".@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.It's Thursday, how many more bias press reports will be released against @MittRomney?Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?I will be speaking Monday, September 24, (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President."""The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary."" -- Vince Lombardi"Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?"""Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel."" -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu"Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp, easiest fuel for our military.I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time."""There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare."" -- Sun Tzu""""If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party."" -- @limbaugh"Amazing. @CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?84% of US troops wounded &amp, 70% of our brave men &amp, women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp, their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago."""You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.""--General George S. Patton""""President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people""--Clint Eastwood""""You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."" -- Winston Churchill"I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence, go with your gut!If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp, have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbersThere are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force.Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.Under @BarackObama, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt."""We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion"" -- @MittRomney""""Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people."" --@MittRomney"Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released."The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting ""Four More Years."" Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?"Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!"""Change before you have to."" --Jack Welch"Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T..@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp, trade during @BarackObama's term.NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama, 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention, @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.Is this Hope &amp, Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report."""Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected."" -- Steve Jobs"As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!@MELANIATRUMP on @QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp, Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!".@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China."" --@MittRomney"I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran..@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him."""Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from."" --@marcorubio".@MittRomney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!"""If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you will never change the outcome.""  -- Michael Jordan"Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.It's Friday, how many advertisers dropped @HuffPost today?A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp, pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.Of course @hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising @CondoleezzaRice's speech. Chris has completely lost it.Letterman @Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @BarackObama's story a big lie.I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate."""After four  years of getting the run-around, America needs a turnaround, and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney."" @PaulRyanVP"The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!"""Let me say it as clearly as possible, that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me."" -- @GovMike Huckabee"Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.Only two weeks until we start shooting @CelebApprentice. We really have something amazing for the fans this year.Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC &amp, the speculators get away with this?!It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp, I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp, you can do anything.I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!"""America needs @MittRomney and @PaulRyanVP and we need them right now."" -- @GovChristie""""No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!"" -- @AnnDRomney""""New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency."" -- @bobmcdonnell"It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.China must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama..@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.I am very worried that if @BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors."""I stand ready to lead us down a new path, where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed, not by a resentment of success."" -- @MittRomney"It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @MittRomney  should be elected and @BarackObama has to go..@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching @AnnDRomney's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention supporting @MittRomney. We must be united to win!Remember when @ariannahuff ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes."Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going ""green"" -- They would laugh in your face!".@RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etcDon't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow..@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision."The US Navy wants to go ""green."" Our Navy should use the best &amp, most powerful fuel &amp, not play games. Give me a break!"As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp, ratings!Media silent when @BarackObama  called @MittRomney a murderer &amp, felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!"""They succeed, because they think they can."" -- Virgil"It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris"Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called ""birther"" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!""""The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success."" --Irving Berlin".@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election..@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp, aesthetic disaster..@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years..@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals..@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.I am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. @BarackObama is so excited.The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp, saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord."""When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch."" --Anonymous"A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.@ArsenioOFFICIAL You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon!...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours."""Statesman of the Year"" in Sarasota, FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout."Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.It's Thursday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..It's sad to see once decent newspapers like @USAToday failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue."""Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy."" -- Rudy Giuliani""Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme:  ""It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it."""It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?".@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him ""too seriously."""Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama, We Did Build It!".@EdRendell's book, ""A Nation of Wusses"" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!"Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America."""Don't find fault. Find a remedy."" --Henry Ford"Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are..@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak."My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing ""great"" at @Macys--try them! Make fantastic gifts.""""An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous."" --Henry Ford"Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I, for one, won't be.It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.I am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.Glad to hear @BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.Every economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new opportunities and challenges.Amazing--both Transformers &amp, Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence..@RogerJStoneJr was great on @TheKudlowReport last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money @HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOLGlad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp, then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!If you have any doubt that @BarackObama must be defeated see @DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing..@Rosie, get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!"""I dream for a living."" --Steven Spielberg"Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!"""The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary."" --Vidal Sassoon"I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.If @BarackObama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @BarackObama. He is bleeding us dry to China..@MittRomney &amp, @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally....@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things..@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @BarackObama gives his passport records, college records &amp, applications..."""The harder I work, the luckier I get."" -- Samuel Goldwyn"Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election..@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.There are only 22 days for @BarackObama to drop @JoeBiden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.Congratulations to @WWERaw on passing 1,000 episodes. @WWE is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great!There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is @BarackObama.Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrificI wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!Military reps have attacked @BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch."""Mr. President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago."" -- @MittRomney""""If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete."" -- Jack Welch"@GeorgeFWill is suggesting football is going away and @MittRomney will lose. @GeorgeFWill is a moron.$716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahonI have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! @richardmourdockI'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. @SalonCongratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!"While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will ""put y'all back in chains"" was not at all proper."Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers..@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments."""The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago."" -@MittRomney"Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of @CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat!By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp, talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.Today is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVPObama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouchThe Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp, coherent platform. 85 days until victory!Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!"""Believe you can and you're halfway there.""--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt"Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @BarackObama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm ESTCongratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. They made us all proud!Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively..@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair."I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the ""Statesman of the Year"" award."As we told the @nydailynews, I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is @BarackObama hiding?Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father.Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us."""Americans never quit."" -- General Douglas MacArthur"The brand new season of @CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.I wonder if @BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?Have you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there."""Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.""  -- William James".@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp, Steal in all international dealings.I always enjoy being interivewed on @WOR710 by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast."The NYPost reports ""@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold."" Very sad &amp, their bloggers are doing even worse!".@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.Tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @FoxNewsI am honored that @BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp,  ruined US credit.Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed @MittRomney. He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste..@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected, @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice."""Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners."" -- Robert T. Kiyosaki@theRealKiyosaki"An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp, told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%"""Capital isn't scarce, vision is."" --Sam Walton"So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, @BarackObama donated to himself.The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.@taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?"""Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November.""-- @Newsmax_Media's cover ""The Trump Effect"""The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead..@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!"""Control your own destiny or someone else will.""-- @jack_welch"No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!Attended last night's @Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp, now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention."""There is no substitute for hard work.""--Thomas Edison"Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope &amp, Change!The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez &amp, @TimTebow will do great things on the field.I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney, the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp, successful man--polls looking good.Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp, $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp, punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.Hope &amp, Change--since @BarackObama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp, we wonder why China &amp, OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play."""Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.""The Art of The Deal"Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation."Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of ""Why Obama won't release his college transcripts""- Come on, Jay!"Under @MittRomney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama, America has added over $6T in debt.The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled, but the truth will come out.At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp, death penalty for mass murderers &amp, terrorists.Some really dumb blogger for failing @VanityFair, a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people."""Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser."" --How To Get Rich""""Cowards die many times before their actual deaths."" --Caesar""The new @BarackObama motto - ""You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success"" ...""John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to ""learn how to be an American."""What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!"As I always said, the ""Birthers"" were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore."Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?Congratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fakeThe class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!"#BARACKTAX QUOTE: ""If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."""For the sake of transparency, @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.Why would @BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?When will we see @BarackObama's passport records (sealed)?.@MittRomney needs to make @BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.I hope @MittRomney now starts asking for any &amp, all of @BarackObama's sealed records--it's time..@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting!If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?"""The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting."" -- Sun Tzu"I hope @Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!  @OMAROSAA drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp, should renegotiate his contract"Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to ""pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview."" Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy."For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.In his entire political career, @BarackObama has never had a tough @GOP opponent before @MittRomney. He is a paper tiger. #GOMITTThe Football program at Penn State should be suspended.Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years....@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.".@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of @MittRomney's tax returns--tell him ""ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'"Nasty  tactics being used by @BarackObama campaign against @MittRomney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommitteeI wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp, he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!"""Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic security, and the expansion of the middle class."" - @MittRomney"Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews."""What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.""--Ralph Waldo Emerson"Have we ever had a POTUS before @BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?"""There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical."" --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters"Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.How can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp, Furious?!"""However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results."" -- Winston Churchill"The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding..@MittRomney should not give any other further information until @BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----President Obama wants @MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @BarackObama reveals his college applications.I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.Gotta hand it to @IvankaTrump, she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmaxWhen true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmaxA Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for @MittRomneyKeep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?"""Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat."" ― F. Scott Fitzgerald"John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there."When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some ""ally."""Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp, perverted man that New York does not want or need.Great poll numbers for @MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!"""A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him."" --General Douglas MacArthur"Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climateFriends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @Cadillac has done.Great news--here comes the Tea Party! @MittRomney has received 42k donations online &amp, raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!Had a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing @MittRomney this November.#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!Wow, the Supreme Court passed @ObamaCare. I guess @JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season."""The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes."" --Benjamin Disraeli"It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn."""Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards."" --Vernon Sanders Law""""Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that."" -- Norman Vincent Peale"The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AMWind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly."""Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work."" - Thomas Edison"The @BarackObama campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year.I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp, Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.".@MacMiller's ""Donald Trump"" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business."Congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!I don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!"""Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others."" -Jack Welch"I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!"""Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out."" -- John Wooden"The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?"""Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it."" --Dwight D. Eisenhower"Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional."""I don't believe in government picking winners, or in the case of (@BarackObama), picking losers"" --@MittRomney"Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again."""The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have."" --Vince Lombardi"The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!Once again, @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting &amp, start worrying about some of her many problems.The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think."""Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."" --Winston Churchill"Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames@BeanAnn  Wall Street Journal &amp, lots of others, including television.Sadly, it took a hit &amp, run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!"""The entrepreneur builds an enterprise, the technician builds a job."" --Michael Gerber"Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShowTrump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM.The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation."Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector ""is doing fine"" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't""""Donald Trump"" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!"With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic..@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .Thanks to @TheRealMarilu, a great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.Accounting firm Ernst &amp, Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.Beautiful @MissUSA in @NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better."""He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious."" -- Sun Tzu"Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnnChina's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald..@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan.@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going."""A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one."" -- Henry Ford"We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.In some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job."""Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can."" --Paul Tournier"TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers."""Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can."" --Paul Tournier"What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign."Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: ""@MittRomney had a sterling business career."""Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp, Casino in Las VegasOver $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.@79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?When will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @BarackObama's ineptitude?Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP"""The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'""--Orison Swett Marden"It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact, far more jobs!I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp, the result is going to be much different."""For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."" Aristotle"The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.I am very excited about hosting @MittRomney today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends.Losers such as George Will and @Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose."""Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference."" -- Winston Churchill"Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. @BarackObama"""Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail."" Ralph Waldo Emerson""Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in ""Men in Black."" Congrats!"Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @CadillacLolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @FollowloloWhat a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.Welcome to Twitter, @melaniatrump!The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS."""Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals."" -- Henry Ford"I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. @PiersTonightChina is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe @BarackObama knows that he selling us out.Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_CohenWho would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherReport"Rapper @MacMiller's song, ""Donald Trump"", now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?"Rev. Wright called @BarackObama, on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.Mr. Pesident, @BarackObama, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @TheDonnaSummerUnder Mayor @MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner @Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership."""The best vision is insight."" --Malcolm Forbes"WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by @MittRomney is a hit job to me. Where are @BarackObama's high school and college records?"""Diligence is the mother of good luck.""--Benjamin Franklin"Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks."Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the ""Hall of Famous Missourians."" Rush is a great guy &amp, a great character."I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. @MittRomney"Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: ""Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."""The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIMEHoward Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. @HowardStern@AndyPettitte ratted out his best friend @RogerClemens in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot."Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the ""programmatic"" killing of bald eagles."If the press can report stories from @MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find @BarackObama's college and law school transcripts?Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel..@Cher attacked @MittRomney. She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like @Rosie O'Donnell, a total loser!The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil."""It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.""  Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.""""Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality."" #MidasTouch""""I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience."" @MidasTouch @theRealKiyosaki"VOTE 4 @mariamenounos &amp, derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp, a good person). 1-800-868-3401What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far."""You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do.""  Great quote by Henry Ford."We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?"""Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation."" #TheArtofTheDeal"Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC, 7:30 AM, don't miss it!Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC, every Sunday 9/8c.Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company... #sweepstweet#CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. He’s become a star. #sweepstweet#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back!#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool.#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100,000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift.#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible”?  No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweetProduct placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweetHow will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweetAubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweetI’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweetGood move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweetIt’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweetCould be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweetI will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBCThis Sunday's @CelebApprentice will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on @NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST!In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast.Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. @DerekJeterI'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future."@rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly ""fit"" to run his corporation.""""@BaatorKosu: @realDonaldTrump awesome""  Thsnks!"Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObamaGood Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA"He @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a ""rat"" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself."Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for helpTomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwardsCongratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon."""I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me."" #TheArtofTheDeal""""More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes."" #TheArtofTheDeal"Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!@MittRomney can get people back to work.Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.@MittRomney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against @BarackObama. I am confident he can defeat @BarackObama.Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.@mrdemain27 Thanks Darren.Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.He @MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. @nbcsnlPaul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloombergI'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesdayHear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmochaI will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.Many many people are thanking me for what I said about @autism & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM MondayAttention to detail is critical, choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm @Macys Herald Square.He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.It's Thursday, how much $ has @BarackObama wasted today?"""Look, if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well.""TimeToGetTough"@BarkyJason  Thanks.He @MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur. @BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!He @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed @BarackObama leadership.Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM"While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an ""F"" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0."Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @OprahThis is a great time for @RickSantorum to bow out with dignity.My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!"""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."" #TheArtofTheDeal""""The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud."" #TimeToGetTough"What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.@tomkatz @sternshow  Thanks Tom."""The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."" #TheArtofTheDeal"@marcorubio's endorsement of @MittRomney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat @BarackObama."""Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great, exciting things."" #TheArtofTheDeal"I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox."@jayleno - my description of @MittRomney - ""Future President"" or ""POTUS 45"" or ""@BarackObama's Worst Nightmare"""ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.He @RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech  It doesn't work that way!Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays, 7:30 AM.@MittRomney should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.Just bought Doral Hotel &amp, Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMartin. I support a full investigation and justice.I am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.@BarackObama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.@NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.@MittRomney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat @BarackObama.He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.His @BarackObama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRoseAfghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @BarackObama is reckless.Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best.Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKellyHe is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice."As an ""honorary Buckeye"" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win."@MichaelCoffey1  I hope so!Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga CountySomeone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.I fully support the @NYPD, @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObamaAfter Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.@Iggy_Rodriguez Great--and great city!America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.Mitt's got it right: @RickSantorum's attacks on @MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.@CelebApprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @IvankaTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr. I am very proud of this season.The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November, the great people of Michigan need to support @MittRomney's candidacy.Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon @NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews.Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on @nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. @ApprenticeNBCWeakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.He @MittRomney gets the China problem, why don't the others?Very successful fund raising for @MittRomney yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.@MemoInc  You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.@dansalbreiter Maybe they don't want to.@stecbeck Thanks, I'll keep at it.@jtatsuno No, not trademarked.The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.When the economy is bad, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West@joeyhatcher You'll have to watch to find out.@fox_trot_1  I was in my twenties.@kingdelrosario I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind.@atlthrasher  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.@HangersMensLine  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.@The_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job."@BarackObama's budget funds the ""Arab Spring"" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam."So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...A day after @BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.A day after Greece burned @BarackObama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into GreeceWatch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetToughWhitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for @BarackObama and must be repealed.@BarackObama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!“As someone once put it, ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created.’” #TimeToGetTough@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.@WyattBrian  Timing is important, so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.Q/A @stalkinpeople  Yes, I'd give the real numbers.Q/A @saychowder  I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally.@Misterglorious  I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China! @JonHuntsmanObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama@npbraden  I already have two great pilots.@fatmaninaspeedo  I have not met @MacMiller but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.@stass13  Sorry, she's taken.@GrimeyGatsby  I only require four hours of sleep per night.Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo@Miss_Drax  My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.@IanBQueen  In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.@nathanfuchs @lawrence He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. @NYGiants great teamwork!Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandAI see @FLGovScott poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk @BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.I endorsed @MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!Sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!@Jagadis63 Thank you.All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.“We need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetToughLast night in his SOTU, @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.After Solyndra, @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible."Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney ""George"" (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom."All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @BarackObama would have wasted billions on it.A gallon of gas has more than doubled while @BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.It has been 1,000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.Tonight in his SOTU, @BarackObama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before.Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.Canada will now sell its oil to China because @BarackObama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.When will @BarackObama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.Texas is lucky to have him--- @GovernorPerry is a great guy!Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.“To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough“@BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer,’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetToughWhile @BarackObama is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !Newt attacks on @MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership.With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why @BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda.New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success."""Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster.""  #TimeToGetTough""""Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs."" #TimeToGetTough"Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!"""Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action."" #TimeToGetTough""""If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them, those countries should pay for the protection.""  #TimeToGetTough""""People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't."" #TimeToGetTough"President @BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!"""Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock.""  #TimeToGetTough""""Nobody cares"" about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him)."Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious."""I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces."" #TimeToGetTough""""Under President @BarackObama, China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses."" #TimeToGetTough"He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!He knows he won't have to spend much: @JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele."""To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"" #TimeToGetTough""""The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'"" #TimeToGet Tough""""The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work""  #TimeToGetTough"I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — @BradPaisleySpend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con jobEntrepreneurs – be tough, resolute &amp, trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.“No one remembers who came in second.” -  Walter Hagen"""@4clint what is key to attracting new customers.thanks"" The gold standard, only the best for clients &amp, customers. Every time"“The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch"""@SueGriffiths19 Been a bit quiet lately? Told my job is at risk NY - any tips to cheer me up?"" Be positive, do your best!"Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis."Ask yourself, ""Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit."Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVERThe global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!"""@HumorInstitute: I could sleep tonight if you told me we will see @TheRealRoseanne on Celebrity Apprentice before I die.""She would be great"Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today."""@ProudlySA: Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country &amp, invite you to visit - we will host you &amp, show you the beauty"""@ProudlySA  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now"""Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression."" - Think Like a Champion"It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold"""Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression.""- Think Like a Billionaire"O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp, go on to victory!The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!"""@Bayojay: “@realDonaldTrump: “After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - Think Big”  True!""""@Bayojay: “@realDonaldTrump: A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela”""""""@kpelkey7: @realDonaldTrump I'm not a friend nor an enemy, just an admirer! Merry Christmas to you!""  You also, thanks!""""@Bayojay: “@realDonaldTrump: ""If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough."" -- Mario Andretti""””""""""@Bayojay: “@realDonaldTrump: ""The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do."" -- Steve Jobs”"""Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!"""@lotyworks: !!!“@realDonaldTrump: “Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion”  So true!"“Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.” - Larry BirdI could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls?I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up."""@sneal50 The best thing you ""win"" by winning USA /Universe is the opportunity to learn from @realDonaldTrump ..... "" Thank you.""""@Tudowz   I look up to my man @realDonaldTrump for he has become one of the greatest Entrepreneurs in this times history."" Thx""""@sirtyro @realDonaldTrump How do you deal with anxiety?""  I don't! I refuse to even think about it. Be positive.""""@MrsDFRizzo7 good thing about Trump..NOT a snob. A straight-arrow w/street sense. Appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate"" Thx."ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.@TSeay18 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!""" @ZootmanTom   @realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom.  Merry Christmas &amp, happy new year""  Thanks.""""@BigBobLarsen  I don't always agree with you but I must say you do know how to inspire...""  Thank you."#3.  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them."""@CitizenZeroLand: @realDonaldTrump Yo, bro, you rock! Fo real.""  Very cool, thanks!""""@kuhteesmiff: I love Donald Trump. #apprenticeaddict .... @realDonaldTrump ❤️"" Thank you, so nice!""""@Ludlow_Matthew: First time in @TrumpTowerNY and in NYC, and was one place I'm glad I didn't miss! Beautiful building and a must see place!"Will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support @AidForAfrica. Justine is FIRED!@HerschelWalker  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protectionI am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range."""@kelsey_2155: hey @realDonaldTrump you're my fav""  Thanks.""""@SavingNancy: .@realDonaldTrump we raised $60K+ in two months for Nancy and today she officially beat Leukemia ! WAY TO GO NANCY!""""@OneAndOnlyRiz: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists. How do you sleep at night?"" To the sound of death!""""@manny_ottawa: @Alex_Norcia @realDonaldTrump seems like @AlexSalmond has a history of bad decision making. Maybe that's the point"" TURBINES"It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!"""@Sir_JamesM: Mr @realDonaldTrump I admire your determination so much, my best wishes to you and your family."" Thank you.""""@MasonChampion: I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump."" Great!""""@cyberpunksamuri: the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is having @realDonaldTrump re-tweet me once""  Merry Christmas!""""@DonDonS1383: @realDonaldTrump Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? That is great news!""""@ImSoCelebrity: It just seems like a tweet from @realDonaldTrump will inspire the person to achieve great things. That's just my belief.WOW""""@iSmoke_POTter: @realDonaldTrump is a genius when's it comes to business""  Thank you!""""@tschumann8: I hate everything that @realDonaldTrump says/does for the most part, but he's a Great businessman so I respect that.""  O.K.!""""@Phyneguy2013: I have always been a strong follower of your teachings. I don't know why u have started being so negative.""  I haven't!""""@theehayleymarie: Few things in life are as wonderful as my @realDonaldTrump mattress. It's like laying on a cloud. #heavenly"" By Serta!""""@cynstweet: @realDonaldTrump Wrapping the @realDonaldTrump collection shirts &amp, ties I bought at #Macys. Gorgeous Christmas gifts!"" Great!""""@_Jcourtney95: Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend""  Thank you, so nice!"Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry..@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?.@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel @TrumpWaikiki.Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth@markrucci @e_hig  Great going Mark.It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperateIf you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!“Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.” - Knute RockneYoung Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #SaveSaeedPres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp, NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp, wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.New York Republican leader @EdwardFCox is pushing my friend @RobAstorino into political suicide. Results won’t be pleasant!Enough about my ties etc. @Macys, but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @Macys loves Trump)!"""@briansaheed: @realDonaldTrump Governor Cuomo won't get any real challenge unless it's Mr. Trump.."" True!""""@moonorion: You very honorably tried to help #freepastorsaeed when Obama abandoned another Christian. Stand up against #AETV w us now!""""""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump 2014 is a big year for Apprentice too! 10 years ago this January it started!"" So true, amazing!""""@STHRNWAYS: If more people thought like @realDonaldTrump the world would be a better place. #TrumpForPresident2016""  Thanks!""""@Lowery01: Hey @realDonaldTrump where can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? 😳""  Go to Macy's online.""""@Katdhairstudio: @realDonaldTrump @josh_hlbrk Trump is addicting""  I'm sure you are also!""""@Jack_Whiteman: @realDonaldTrump All I want for Christmas is more of your ties, great quality!""  Thanks!""""@TheChrisRooney: @realDonaldTrump my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic!"" Great, thanks!""""@josh_hlbrk: @realDonaldTrump If you keep tweeting Macy's advertisements, I will unfollow you.""  No you won't, you're stuck."I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!"""@mariadomenique9: @realDonaldTrump my brother wears your ties to work everyday. He loves them. He's also a huge fan of yours!"" Say hello!""""@paulmilton28:👍 Mr Trump. I bought one of your ties when I was in Manhattan. Who is carrying your line here in Toronto?"" Macy's online."Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BESTThe coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTEDThe more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTowerFor all of those that think life is easy &amp, don’t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp, design exclusively available @Macys.“If you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 electionI have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!@regis  Regis, you are the GREATEST!"""@NinjaDomoEsq: @realDonaldTrump should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2.""  I agree!""""@surferev: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what??"" Thank you!""""@twinmama85: I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face.""Not haters,losers!"FRACK NOW &amp, FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore RooseveltPrime Minister @David_Cameron is very foolish in giving @AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?@ali_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!“Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a ChampionWow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now"""@brentporter34:  #firefightersfordonald You make what I do worth while. I'm holding faith you will run for any office. Thanks Brent!""""@PatrickMendezNV: We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed for @TIME person of the year,@realDonaldTrump. Time=no guts!""""@BlakeGermony: @realDonaldTrump the only man that understands politics, #trump2016""""""@illest_beats: @realDonaldTrump i think you would be our best president since Reagan""""""@0xbloood: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump Hey I LOVE @realDonaldTrump He is a man that commands authority""  Thank you!"We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp, not on wasteful &amp, very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp, others are hurting our air"They call it ""climate change"" now because the words ""global warming"" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!""59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The ""global warming"" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!"Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA."""@JoshinAk: @BillyHallowell I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party. Great quality. Got lots of compliments!  Great!"The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool@Macys  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp, holiday gift by farHave a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!@VanityFair  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEADI really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a ChampionThe evidence continues to mount against lightweight @AGSchneiderman.  It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.@PolitiFact’s #LieOfTheYear is Obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. It’s the lie of the decade.The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants dieBird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!Sources inside @AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.My complaint against @AGSchneiderman is a “case study” for JCOPE &amp, Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!"""@Lisa_Smith70 A real president wouldn't take a selfie during ANY memorial service. #NelsonMandelaMemorial"""How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others livedI hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts &amp, cufflinks @Macys—great for Christmas &amp, holidays.A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!Our prayers are with Rev. @BillyGraham for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!@BenCooner @RED931FM @SCOTTHALLNWO @Jassisidhu @b_coalition @WWE @0 Happy Birthday Sarina."""@marianne_hund thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works!"" Thx"Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @VanityFair magazine?President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?"""@LBabcock2: We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. Next year it all changes"""@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!"""@kasek_craig: Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this""""""@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump @AGSchneiderman botox botox botox botox"""It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!"""@borland_jim   After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar.""  Thank you.""""@RonaldRosenthal @BillHemmer @realDonaldTrump @PeteRose_14 LET PETE Rose in!!! YES!!!! he deserves it"""Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp, nuclear scientist? Dumb!".@JohnKerry claims he has ""never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels.""  Where are the results?""""@YMatthews956 Have u ever considered meeting w/ Obama? He might be open to your wisdom &amp, business savvy."" I doubt it!""""@DaveInChrist  @realDonaldTrump @EncouragedEve @NaghmehAbedini This is great!! How awesome of Mr. Trump!""  Thank you.""""@brucesteve52 @realDonaldTrump @NaghmehAbedini Thank you for caring for this family and their need. God bless you!""  Thank you.""""@DavidSBaldwin @realDonaldTrump &amp, #NelsonMandela. Both legends.""  Wow, what a compliment.""""@kayvbb   @realDonaldTrump @NaghmehAbedini Thank you for raising awareness on her plight!!"" My honor."After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela“Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion.@MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s  book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! @jheilCome on MLB, do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall.  No drugs—just hard work and talent!Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed"State Senator Shirley Huntley ""ratted"" on black politicians &amp, was believed--when she ratted on @AGSchneiderman, nobody listened. Racism!"Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!"""@koos32  @realDonaldTrump Donald, you also belong in the same category as a great leader. The US needs you!"" Thanks.""""@warrencasselljr  Watching The Apprentice UK. Not as good as @realDonaldTrump's Apprentice."" True!""""@adamricheal   DonaldTrump for Pres 2016 America's economy needs his business Midas Touch &amp, no nonsense approach"" Thx."If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants dieThe ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!“You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.” - @MichaelPhelpsBird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!"""@DennyHuntington @foxandfriends I look forward to you on Mondays! Always insightful conversations"" Thanks"WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!Graydon Carter, whose reign over failing @VanityFair has been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp, got bad reviews.It’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.Congrats to @JoeTorre, @TonyLaRussa &amp, Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLB’s @BaseballHall! Great leaders &amp, managers."""@wakafee1017  @realDonaldTrump Everyone should look at what he has done &amp, take notes if you want to be successful."" Thx"“Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela"""@discretepi4you @foxandfriends I look forward to your segment every week. Clear, concise and common sense!"" Thanks.""""@foolishvessel  - was so awesome u hosted @NaghmehAbedini this week! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed!"" I will!"Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category), it is terrific.Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScottI really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM.  @sdoocy, @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!"""@CONKJR: did you tour @TrumpGolfLA. One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard"" Thank you!"@VanityFair Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussedP.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!@LoisPope1 Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity"""@HMunjal:  You're one of the most educated, handsome and sophisticated men that I know of. Men should aspire to be like you.""  Thank you!"In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge"""@beandp749: « I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. »Donald Trump""""""@SportsProverbs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – Donald Trump""""""@TimLeman: @realDonaldTrump What was one thing others underestimated about you?""  That I never give up!""""@_TrevorJames: I'd work for @realDonaldTrump for free""  I love that!"Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities.“After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - Think Big@trumthomp  Thanks.My shirts, ties &amp, cufflinks @Macys have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price.It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?Looking forward to hosting @NaghmehAbedini next week @TrumpTowerNY. The White House has  abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.Iran has never had a better friend than Obama..@BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!@KBetter52 Thank you.We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!"""@HHShkMohd: To all people in the UAE: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai #Expo2020. Congratulations, a fantastic win!"Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!"""@bonz21  @realDonaldTrump because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it! Keep blasting away!""Thx"@RobertW33157775 Thanks.Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson MandelaA good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela"""You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."" -- Albert Einstein"Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!.@VattenfallGroup couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so @AlexSalmond forced phony extension. @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire"The problem w/ the concept of ""global warming"" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on ""fixing it"" while China &amp, others do nothing!"Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!Congrats to @msnbc for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly, he didn’t get ratings anyway. @SarahPalinUSASleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job.  @SarahPalinUSA"""I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell."" --Harry S. Truman""""To become a champion, fight one more round."" -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion""""Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.""  -- Albert Camus""""@dsing33: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?"""Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John MaddenThere are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills@Candy_Uptigrove  Thanks.@codyaa722 Yes, it will happen.@PaulSRiddell  Thank you.@wakimotho  Thanks.@Brown97M Thank you.@StefThomason Great!@puddlejumper365 You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!"With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but ""brains"" will supersede.""""@lloyd156_: @realDonaldTrump doesnt give a fuck, he just tells it like it is lol LEGEND""  A very honest person, thanks!"I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp, is cutting way back!"""@BowlingMatthew: Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's. He didn't take crap from anybody."" A great compliment!""""@JGlennard: @realDonaldTrump incredible level of customer service @TrumpPanama . Best guest experience ever #Levels""  Thanks.""""@dm3300: @realDonaldTrump @TEApublican Donald Trump for President!!""  Interesting!"@Laker_Steve Thanks Steve!"""@Slucas8Lucas: I wish you would run for Pres.. We need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. Do it for children"""“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden@griffithspb  Thanks."""@StephenWancha @realDonaldTrump @TrumpCollection great to see you building more in Canada!!!"" Thanks."@clary77 Thank you.@KevRedford Have fun, enjoy NYC.“Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a ChampionCongratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN@pinguspusher Thank you."""@FFXFamilyFun:My boy (6) is REALLY into @PassGoMonopoly and getting RE so I call him Trump Jr (nicely!). Hope you don't mind! ,)""  My honor"The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it"""@AmyRusso108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!""""""@skew11: I hope and know @realDonaldTrump will win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him &amp, Trump University!"""That was a great football game.@10AJMcCarron  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!"""@pbaratelli: @realDonaldTrump also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event.""  True!""""@SueJaneRoberts: @realDonaldTrump Any thing u work on is awesome""  Thanks.""""@AgnesphAgnes: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump has the Midas Touch!"" Thank you, very nice!"Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!"""@jimmymcgreevy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys ties r awesome!""  Thanks!""""@paulmilton28: @realDonaldTrump @Macys love the Ties!! Great selection of colours.""  They are a big hit, thanks.""""@RColdwellBanker: @realDonaldTrump @Macys great ties! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale, AZ!""""@scdtan: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas gifts.""  True and thanks!""""@Rodzillatron1: Definitely added to my collection. great product RT “@realDonaldTrump: I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys” Great!"I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys"""@fay @aberdeedshire How the Green movement kills: 31,000 excess winter deaths in Britain last year. Each turbine kills 6 pensioners."""Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed"""@Al_Co: @realDonaldTrump Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD. Remove them. UK is going down the gutter."" @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond""""@TundraSwans: Wind turbine projects are destroying rural Ont. Wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster Ken Lay of Enron""""@noturbine: Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to &amp, ruin lives of folks living close &amp, not reduce CO2""""@NoWindAlabama: Beautiful! Let's keep it that way. #turbinefree RT @Bamagirl_4_ever: Sunset on Sand Mountain. @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond""""@noturbine:West Palm Beach, FL industrial wind farm scrapped Thousands of birds/bats saved from death @AlexSalmond @aberdeenshire"First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!  @alexsalmond"""@dhowejr7: @realDonaldTrump @graeme123s jUST WANTED TO SAY THANKYOU. YOUR A GREAT MAN""  Thank you!""""@graeme123s: @realDonaldTrump you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives""  Thank you, so nice!"Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.@RSPBScotland  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course!@RSPBScotland @alexsalmond, the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!@RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond"""@ThirdForceNews: Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird? @RSPBScotland"" Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all""""@RSPBScotland: Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines"HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world."Can you believe that ""President"" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!"Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.@thesween_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion@Nicole_Tri16 @TrumpTowerNY  Thank you."""@jeffbuehrle  @realDonaldTrump @Macys Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite."" Use them well!"@PatrickJFSmith Thanks.@SeanKAnderson Great!@CDaeda @RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice No way, they are bird killing machines.@FrankMDavisJR @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks.@mckay317 @TrumpTowerNY  I will check it out, thanks.Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp, if they refuse break off talks--big sanctionsPresident Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const"""@LeChrisPace Following @realDonaldTrump was probably my best decision #bear""  Thanks."President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp, trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in ChicagoJust got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal.Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other sideJohn Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next oneTom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent   leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS"I will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our ""leaders"" have plenty!""""@otcgiant: @realDonaldTrump with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness. #Trumo2016"I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BEHow far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!"""@mikehaas33: @realDonaldTrump mar a lago a spectacular property. Here with Wells Fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello""  I did!"Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!"""@WhiteShaunwhite  I dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time @realDonaldTrump, @BillGates"" Thx."Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.@Pattycake77777 Happy Birthday!It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp, Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!"Weak newscasters are asking ""is there a racial component to knockout attacks?"" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!"If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!"""Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch."" -- Midas Touch"Florida Power &amp, Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp, energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPLToday will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!@morningmika I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!"""Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line."" --Think Like a Champion""""If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it."" -- Charles Kettering"@SwanRose2013  I create jobs!@Facebook_Ben Thanks.@chadasletten Thanks.@nolanitenyc Sad!@DamonCanel @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.@libertybellskp So true!$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic."Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book ""Undisputed Truth"" &amp, @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike."@WantonSoop  True!@MeghanFaheyy Great!@matt_marcolini @MissUniverse @TrumpTowerNY Thank you.Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology."""If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough."" -- Mario Andretti"""Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!“Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.”  - Jef I. RichardsThe next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal!@IdiotSavant24 @billmaher Thanks!"""If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough."" -- Mario Andretti"Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp, bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.@chucktodd @meetthepress @jack_welch Chuck--very fair, best wishes!Last October on @meetthepress, @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?Congratulations to @MariaBartiromo on her big move to @FoxBusiness. She is a total winner!"""@IanCKeffer: Rocking a @realDonaldTrump brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available @Macys  LOOKS GREAT!"Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!"""The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do."" -- Steve Jobs"Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp, tornadoes.President Obama played golf yesterday???The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!"""@FransiscoMlaza: @realDonaldTrump ""Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems"" ~ Donald Trump"""I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp, reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy"""@MArloAmoriello1: @realDonaldTrump Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama, and penn state! Please run in 2016 #leader"I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullyingI wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?"""@psu_rebot: RT @millman85: @realDonaldTrump you could put #PennState in this same category! #Settlers #SoftTarget @psu_rebot""  TRUE-WEAK!""""@ISaidKnow: AWESOME! RT  Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!”  Thanks!"The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.@not_that_actor Very good!"""@swetasamota:  “Be tough, be smart, be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion""  DJT"@gary4205 Thanks Gary.@EveningExpress Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!"""@JayLefler: @realDonaldTrump Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics."""@ReaIOsmelSousa Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!“Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.” - Vince LombardiAgain, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.“Be tough, be smart, be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion“A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.” – Midas TouchThe only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1"""@TruckerSamF: Already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped Doral, World Golf Championship March 3-9 Miami FL""""""@Bill_Collector_: @realDonaldTrump we need you as the next president! Your a winner!!!""  Thank you.""""@iverson233: @realDonaldTrump can I run your hotels while you run the country ?""  Sounds good to me!""""@zizzy706: @realDonaldTrump let's get your oval ass in that Oval Office. #Trump2016""  Thanks, I think!""""@LydiaPearman: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickWeeks and let's be honest, you have some of the finest #RealEstate on the planet!"" Very true!""""@Gyuman82: @realDonaldTrump Plz run for President in 2016, America needs a strong leader!""  We sure don't have leadership now! Thanks."@grouponegav Yes, online through Macy's."""@pididdie20: ""In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish"" - Donald Trump""""""@PatrickWeeks: “It’s #tangible, it’s #solid, it’s #beautiful. It’s #artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love #RealEstate.” ~ Donald""""@Chaz_is_so_bomb: I hope @realDonaldTrump is our next president"" Thanks."“He who defends everywhere, defends nowhere.” – Sun TzuI'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox NewsMore dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!@MikeDemkiw  True!Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare."""@dany8ro: Aha RT ""@realDonaldTrump: You have good taste! ""@JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them."""President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!"""@kbaileyjava2: @realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice please! ASAP""""""@AndrewSNicoll: @realDonaldTrump the same idiots who think he was born in the USA! Dopes!""""""@OJOsborn: @realDonaldTrump I am one of them fools. The presidents heart in right place""  WRONG, he knowingly lied - bad intentions!""In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president ""knowingly lied"" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?""""@countrygurl4747: @realDonaldTrump Please run in 2016!!! We need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!!""  True!"@BretBaier  You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare."""@DCoolDog: After careful consideration, I'm going with my blue @realDonaldTrump #SignatureCollection tie for my big meeting today."" Do well""""@Shrubshrub: I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at the @TrumpToronto is the best in the world."" Thank you!"ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp, windfarms.@oliviaculpo @AgalarovAras @eminofficial @IamStevenT @crocuscityhall Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!@eminofficial  Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!@Judithdbailey Thank you!"""@Dexter_Cn: @realDonaldTrump President Trump sounds good to me""  I'll tell you one thing, the country would be back on top again!  Thanks.""""@becca110611: @realDonaldTrump is literally the appitamy of amazing! Gotta love him❤️""  Thank you Becca.""""@JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.""  You have good taste!""""@AarranMcPherson: @realDonaldTrump Good luck in your case against the wind turbines in Aberdeen Bay, most sensible Scots agree with you!""""""@nicky0472: @realDonaldTrump The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.  So true!""""@DaphneHaven: I'm so fascinated by the way @realDonaldTrump is. He motivates me to never give up &amp, to keep pushing forward. 🌚""  Great!""""@soonrfan4life: @realDonaldTrump I'm a veteran and one of your biggest fans. Love what u do for our nation. #Trumpforpresident"" Thanks.""""@WorldReachTech: @greta Gotta respect Donald, Greta. If ever anyone nailed Obama for who and what he really is and has done it's Donald."""@WCMartzOfficial  Thank you.“True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf@AgalarovAras I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things."""@_maleki_: @realDonaldTrump : Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016."" Thank you, very nice."While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthrightThe Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!"""@el_juino: @realDonaldTrump well i will predict that if u run for president you will win""""""@joeyb134: I hope @realDonaldTrump will invite me to golf with him @TrumpDoral when it is all complete. It looks like an awesome place"""If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOILDrew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!"""@BrahSumatra: @realDonaldTrump Remember when you use to have real hair?"" (Spelling) - I still do dummy, it is all mine!"Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!I will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ººI just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp, lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC."""@TresCurrie311: @realDonaldTrump trump national in Washington, D.C. looks great. Love what you've done with it""  Thank you!""""@gutterferret: @realDonaldTrump tell us in a Vine! Your voice carries so much more impact! #TrumpVine""  O.K., on Monday!""""@cooey2ruley: @realDonaldTrump since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass.""""""@brose2288: @realDonaldTrump The women are unbelievable but getting to hang with Steven Tyler will be the highlight!""  Steven sings tonight""""@TimTMahar: @realDonaldTrump when you leave Russia, please bring back some leaders!""  Interesting!"I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!"""@johfax: Visiting NYC today. Where can I buy your famous light pink tie? @realDonaldTrump""  Macy's or Trump Tower."I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion“Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. @BillyGrahamUpstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp, Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGraham’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!Had dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777"""THEBillMcGee @realDonaldTrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase!"" Thank you."I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!"""@HitTheLights_14: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for 2016!!!! America needs you!!!!#Trump2016""  Thank you, what a mess our country is in."Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.“If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman@Rizz_Lizz You're right--doesn't fit my image.@rrpsllc  Thank you.@Andy241097 Thank you.@dnewman83 Thank you."""thilan_GolfSwag @realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!"" Thanks."@prdnjoy67 No, #Darnell does.“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch"""@emilyluvsuxoxo: @realDonaldTrump is the best person in the entire world.""  Thank you Emily, so nice!""""@thesween_bean: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for 2016. #Trump2016""  Our country needs help (leadership), and it needs it FAST!""""@mzulianix3: @realDonaldTrump you are the coolest man I've ever met 👍""  Thank you!""""@JVince81: @bforrealstevens  GovChristie @realDonaldTrump That tie is awesome. I need that tie. Where can I get it?""  MACY'S""Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said ""I'm really good at killing people"" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?"The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!"I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, ""look, we made a big mistake, sorry!"" No more lies or deception.""""@evanmyers: I love how many negative tweets @realDonaldTrump gets. He must look at them, smile and go back to being a champion.  Thank you!"Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!"""@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump @andersengell Mr.President, DJT, could do this in his sleep! Light years ahead of opponents.""""@BaitedTrap: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President!!! America needs you!""""""@MyStateTalk: @realDonaldTrump For President 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!!""  Thank you.""""@PGHCEO: If @realDonaldTrump was pres. the US would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. Profit though."Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!"""@andersengell: Love reading T's tweets concerning ObamaCare. People might find him controversial, but Mr. Trump sure knows his stuff! #pro""""""@MsMEGZILLA: @realDonaldTrump - I wish you were President!""  But only if you want our country to be great again!""""@seancourt: I feel safer knowing men like @realDonaldTrump are around""  Thank you.""""@tglivak: @KingspeedSimms if you don't already follow @realDonaldTrump, you should. #youcanthankmelater""  So true!"@GOP House has the right bill: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” The Senate must take it up on a vote!The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!@zak_boxer Never give up!@JShue20 Great!Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!@sundayhorse  Thanks.@BrightonPatriot @Mulder1981 @AlexSalmond True--he is killing Scotland!Will be on Fox &amp, Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!"""@Luv2raise: @realDonaldTrump Please, please run for President in 2016. We need something to look forward to &amp, someone to look up to!""""""@GorgesSteven: @realDonaldTrump run for president please!""""""@The_News_DIVA: @realDonaldTrump You get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10K. Thank you.""  He deserves it, thanks.""""@julibanko: Missing my days at #trumpwinery. @realDonaldTrump is my hero.""  Thank you.""""@ellenmarie47: @realDonaldTrump @jannunz7 I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it.""  SO TRUE!""""@jannunz7: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump... Please run in 2016 and try and Save our Beautiful... Precious County..!! God Bless.""""@Deny62Wilson: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to Aberdeenshire""  TRUE.""""@BobKurlander: @realDonaldTrump Awesome new clock at Trump Jupiter. Would look so good between range, putting green.  Will happen.""""@juanmatava: @realDonaldTrump gives me a lot of strength.""""""@earn_it_work: @realDonaldTrump @billmaher see trump? He takes his shots but has no balls. Don't listen and do us a favor and run for POTUS""""@MONTECRISTO_Mag: The @TrumpVancouver presentation centre has opened. “This is going to be special,” said @realDonaldTrump."Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.“Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion“Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie@wsaleen  Thanks.@SonnyGirard  True.The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!"""@MaryHukill: @realDonaldTrump The Donald J. Trump shirt from Macys looks GOOD!!! Sharp, good fabric, great color...it ROCKS!!! Classy look."“Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.” – Conrad Hilton@CasaMadison Thanks.@duncanrj1969 Thanks."""@Debstermistress  @realDonaldTrump when he says he doesn't know, he admits he is not leading. USA a rudderless ship."""So we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?It’s Thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “I was born in Hawaii.”"""@Andigriffin   @realDonaldTrump your Las Vegas Hotel is beautiful too!!""  Thank you."Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.@JoanneEileen Thank you.Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out @GarySiniseFoundThe ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp,  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp, balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion“The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas TouchIsn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!Looks like a very good World Series game!"""@DannyZuker: .@realDonaldTrump I miss us. 😢""  Danny, I miss you tooooo!""""@billmaher: With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield, Mass for standup tonight-and Bill, you totally bombed-""BAD"""How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike DitkaChina just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about...Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING"""@haay_ramiiie: @realDonaldTrump has the best twitter"""I hear @billmaher really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!Won’t be a buyer’s market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!.@AlexSalmond  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office..@AlexSalmond –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog..@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp, ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond"""@megrunder: .@realDonaldTrump Is there ANY subject you aren’t an expert on?""  No, not many!"Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?"""@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win, Mr. President?""  CUTE!"There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!"""@Abird95: I absolutely love @realDonaldTrump he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much."" Thanks R!"Like your current health care plan? Too bad, you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change &amp, a  300% Increase in Your Premium.Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday @DRUDGE--and great job!@johan_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was worth!@bradkovach Sadly true!"""@jantwo62: @realDonaldTrump Love Trump ties! Very couture but affordable to dress your hubby.""""@SirBlaineRichie: @BillGates, @WarrenBuffett and @realDonaldTrump are the most inspirational people i know of.""""""@Doug_E_Fresh2: @realDonaldTrump with you as POTUS we'd probably have a $600,000,000 surplus! #Trump2016""""""@KathyRushford: @realDonaldTrump Do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ?""  No, MUCH MORE!""""@Semjazaraziel: @realDonaldTrump @TamiMiddleton We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created"""Will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!"""@Mackiaveli13: @realDonaldTrump Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.""""@tlbasnight: @realDonaldTrump you are that Leader. Think about it.""  Thanks.""""@TamiMiddleton LOVE YOUR TOP 3 NEGOTIATING TIPS! 1. TRUST YOUR GUT. 2. PATIENCE IS A VIRTURE. 3. VIEW CONFLICT AS AN OPPORTUNITY! AWESOME!""""""@fournier_ian: @realDonaldTrump Is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? Much respect""  Buy in great location, low interest.""""@Nodakgus:  This country is in dire need of a LEADER who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that LEADER!""""""@AdriannaMarie: I think you're an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! Just ordered your books! Can't wait to read them!!"" Thanks.""""@vabeachrpm: @realDonaldTrump great gifts for my hard working husband! Love Macy's!""""""@Chris_DiRe: @realDonaldTrump really enjoyed my stay at Trump SoHo this weekend - your staff there is super polite and hospitable""  Great.""""@AlexLevandoski: People who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. Thanks for the inspiration Mr. Trump!"" Thanks""""@tonescotland: @Rizz_Lizz @realDonaldTrump he has destroyed wilderness beaches in Aberdeen.  Built world's greatest golf course-TOP DRAW!""""@terreldactyl: @realDonaldTrump I hate you but I love your ties""  That sounds like a fair trade!""""@shibis: @SenTedCruz Don't you know once upon a time @realDonaldTrump was leading 2012 @GOP I would love to see you elected. God Pls""""""@phickeyma:  We need you for POTUS because there's a whole lot of people in Washington who need to hear the words YOU'RE FIRED!"""The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!"""@dutchfreightman: @realDonaldTrump dined at Macleod House today. Wonderful in every aspect. Thanks for creating this on our doorstep."" Nice""""@Rizz_Lizz:  The reason I think you will be POTUS is bcuz I have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once &amp, be successful @ each."""President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!@10AJMcCarron  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!"""@BigguhMikez: @realDonaldTrump is a Genius""  Thank you.""""@_stacys_mom_: I just love @realDonaldTrump.""  Thank you.""""@JamesMock4: I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you""""""@DianeLynn_: @realDonaldTrump We need you now more than ever! Hope to see you run in 2016!""""""@willfitz94: @realDonaldTrump How do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy?"" When I like people, I find time!""""@1bombasscat: VOTE @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT! 🇺🇸 #TRUMP16""""""@KSV_3: I want @realDonaldTrump to tweet me so bad! Huge fan! #Trump2016""""""@LoomisEvan: @realDonaldTrump we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense. Tht is u Mr. Trump!""""""@Murppph: @realDonaldTrump says whatever he wants and doesn't care. I love it. He's a legend.""""""@_stacys_mom_: I just love @realDonaldTrump.""  Very nice.""""@JamesMock4:  I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you"""I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!"""@joelbernstein: @realDonaldTrump @Tyler_TuscChevy Not only does America need an adult in DC we need DJT in 2016""  Thank you.""""@IamToneAntone: @realDonaldTrump 2016 is your year and I will do everything God gave me to show my Appreciation @IamToneAntone XOXO""""""@dimas720: @realDonaldTrump Kick ass in 2016! I'm on board, Mr. Trump.""""""@Tyler_TuscChevy: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 #all for it"""@ManagersDiary Thank you-always a good thought."""I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is."" ~Donald Trump""""""@Vallian_Ghali: If you're born poor, it's not your mistake. But If you die poor, it's really your mistake. - Donald Trump""""""@AKudej25: @realDonaldTrump We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016""  True!"Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess"""@jamiesawicz: @realDonaldTrump @GWRepublicans want to help campaign for Trump 2016!""  Thank you.""""@kylesmith300: @realDonaldTrump I agree about the wind turbines they are horrible"""@pbrooks65. Great taste, enjoy!First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!"""@Godlike_Virus: @realDonaldTrump For 2016. Change that we REALLY can depend on.""""""@AustinWDE7: @realDonaldTrump needs to run so we can get out of this mess #trump2016""""""@AKudej25: @realDonaldTrump We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016""  Thank you and true!""""@nadeaua75: @realDonaldTrump has my vote! He MUST run for president if we want success!""  Thank you.""""@Kmatthews912: @realDonaldTrump the youth of America needs you Mr. Trump""  They sure need someone, and fast!""""@sundayhorse: @realDonaldTrump @thegurleygirl Sad Donald trump isn't president we would not be in this mess!  So true.""""@KaburuOle: “@realDonaldTrump: Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.””Awesome advice.""""""@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump @AmSpec You're more than the best Entrepreneur, great teacher &amp, source of encouragement!  Thanks.""""@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Seriously, you are the only American qualified to be Prez -all areas of competence!. Thank you.""""@thegurleygirl: @realDonaldTrump Wish you could lead this country. We need you Mr. Trump."""When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!“You want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level.” - @boonepickensGreat meeting @GarySinise at @AmSpec dinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation..@BoonePickens  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man.Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec—Thank you for the presentation—terrific job!Bob Tyrrell @AmSpec—Thank you--and also for the great work you do.Great evening with the @AmSpec &amp, the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you!Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to  yourself.”"Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:""Know everything you can about what you're doing."""You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?"""Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway."" - John Wayne""""@kevinmacman55  @realDonaldTrump well deserved, you motivate me every day."" Thanks."@OriginalArts1 @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.“Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.” – Think Like a Champion"""@ChrisStackStacy  @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY it is absolutely a work of art #TRUMP""  Thank you.""""@MikeMuckleroy @realDonaldTrump @AmSpec That is a reward that is WELL DESERVED."" Thanks.""""@dynamicwil   @realDonaldTrump @AmSpec You deserve it! your a true entrepreneur!"" Thanks."It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!@RyDev22  Great!@strommer07 Yes and thanks.@DanAmira Apology accepted.If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be firedWhy doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp, arrest them!Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!"""@DonJuanRiley1: Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero :)""  Wow, so nice!"Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.“America is too great for small dreams.” — Pres. Ronald ReaganLooking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s @AmSpec Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.@SGTeel  Great, thanks!The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!"""@Sajiah: 1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was Trump from Macy's on 34th w/cuff links. Thx 4 shootingstraight.  Great!"“Sure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - @DanMarinoMessage to Edward Snowden, you’re banned from @MissUniverse. Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB &amp, @ThomasARoberts in Crocus City Hall!@bgholms  Thanks.@RajvirBoparai  Thanks, good luck.@MacFaddenRyan @SongMemories Hi Ryan..@VanityFair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @NYMag look good. Graydon Carter should’ve been fired a long time ago.@willdavenport1 Great, thanks.“Sixteen” @TrumpChicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it!Trump Int’l Hotel &amp, Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp, a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...@ukn96 They get fired.@Beliefheals  Thank you, good luck.Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!"""@pjpaton: Wind farms have scarred the British landscape&amp,turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! See, I was ahead of our time""""@CharleyDummer: @realDonaldTrump the whole UK supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.""""@Orangeone4: @Carrie_Wofford @realDonaldTrump Website designer HUGE Obama campaign donor. Can we say kickbacks?""""""@JaimeSells: @realDonaldTrump 4 president has my vote! We need financial education in the USA. Go get em D!""  Thanks Jaime!"I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!"""@JarrodRyanZA: @realDonaldTrump Are you actually going to go for #2016 elections? If so you have my support!"" Thank you!"Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!@Richardjnandlal  Very nice, best wishes!@ArcturusRex4. Good question!"""@JLPDOG: @realDonaldTrump We need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it's former glory and respect.""""""@Ay_Zimmy: @realDonaldTrump, I'm already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016, make it happen!"" Thanks for the confidence!""""@BicYea50: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag Whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag-- I mean mag, will ever see this tweet?""""""@em3601: Hey @realDonaldTrump, please announce you are running in 2016. You are the only one who can revive our country.""""""@LILSKINNY11: @realDonaldTrump Hey D Trump, is time for me to buy a ""Trump 2016"" yet? Lead us back to the top!!""""""@TheYardSaleKing: @realDonaldTrump I had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. Even the restrooms are first class!  Thanks.""""@Austin_Fall: In 2016, we will need a business mogul to bring America to its feet. I hope @realDonaldTrump feels a tug on his collar.""""""@Austin_Fall: Monetarily, in 2016, we will be in such terrible shape that having @realDonaldTrump as POTUS would be a great idea for U.S.""""@stchristopher18: @realDonaldTrump @michaltellos @NYMag Bury them fake journalists""""""@PherreroRaphael: @realDonaldTrump you ready for Miss Universe?  Yes, November 9th in Moscow-will be great!""""@StitchJonze: @realDonaldTrump today I had my wife cancel her subscription to @DanAmira @NYMag""  Thank you-smart!""""@MCdex207: See, @realDonaldTrump isn't as bad as people think. Great interview with @LateShow #goodguy""""""@adhietAK85: This is my favorite person, @realDonaldTrump.. Greatest bussinesman in the world !! I want to be like him""  Thank you.""""@michaltellos: @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake.""  It is failing fast!""""@STARFLIRE: @realDonaldTrump @NYMag I canceled mine"" Smart move, thanks.""@NYMag I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York ""Ragazine""-SAVE YOUR MONEY!"THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!"@NYMag In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - ""What do you think of Donald Trump?"" Beggars!"@NYMag  Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased.@NYMag Wow, numbers are really looking bad at  New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!"""@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Working on my ""Midas Touch"" plan re: the fund anything reward! You are my favorite entrepreneur! Thanks.""""@milosuperpug: @realDonaldTrump @TormeyPaul @DanAmira @NYMag NO got so irrelevant. TIME OUT far better than ny magazine.""""""@TonyTurko: @realDonaldTrump NBC Report: White House Taking Obamacare Website Offline Again For “Repairs.""""""@TormeyPaul: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag does anyone actually still subscribe?""  Not many!"Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain"""@michaelledeitri: And this is why r kids are bullies, horrible examples set by adults. No excuses @NYMag fire him @FoxNews @CBSNews""""""@sjp111: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Dan Amira owes Mr Trump and his wife an apology!""  He doesn't have the guts to apologize!""""@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump you're a legend.""  Thanks Ray, I know!""""@dwsweb: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag people actually subscribe to NyMag?"" Not many, failing and will soon be gone!""""@youngsellz4: @realDonaldTrump is my role model!!""  Thank you.""""@nyccoins: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Dan, you are a low life dumb ass! Stupid too, who made you an editor?""  A dead magazine!""""@TheMissis: @realDonaldTrump you're certainly giving @DanAmira and @NYMag publicity!! Even neg publicity is 'good' to some folk.""  It's not""""@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Unlike the rest of you libs, Mr. Trump will be just fine. He doesn't have Obamacare!""""""@anthonyjmyers: @realDonaldTrump America needs you now more than ever. 2016 cannot get here fast enough #Trump2016"" Well, we sure need help""""@phickeyma:  When I come home from work my Twitter page is filled with Donald Trump tweets...Love reading them...So Bold &amp, Truthful.""""""@timallensblues @afrodeziak @DanAmira @NYMag guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong.""""""@desolatefox: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Sick and wrong. Apologize!""""""@mackette52: Doesn't surprise me @DanAmira from @NYMag is a frequent guest on @msnbc both entities no ethics + no morals = no ratings."@ThomasARoberts Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!"""@merssem: @realDonaldTrump @silvermarie2001 trump is one of smartest men around"" I agree - thanks!""""@orThatGuy: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira I can't wait to never read another copy of @NYMag. I will enjoy watching it crash and burn though.""""""@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag Mr. Amira, Are you man enough to apologize ??""  He is not man enough!""""@rockinthetote: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag what a horrible thing to say!""  Not exactly an unbiased editor-very unprofessional &amp, sad!""""@afrodeziak: @DanAmira @realDonaldTrump @NYMag No place for that in a civil society. You should resign immediately.""  They should demand it""""@Josethegr8t: @realDonaldTrump @val_wonders @DanAmira @NYMag if it does go up for sale ill buy them out.""  Don't do it-bad investment!""""@CheifSoda: @realDonaldTrump should be the next president , the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem"@AGNateLee  Great!"""@MatthewHawilo: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @MELANIATRUMP I will NEVER subscribe. Just for you &amp, your beautiful family, Donald."" It's boring""""@cwide12: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag never had the stinking NYMag but if I did I would cancel for the Trump!""  It's dead anyway!""""@val_wonders: @realDonaldTrump @DanAmira @NYMag does anyone read @NYMag anymore. I'm sure it'll be sold for a dollar just like Newsweek.""""""@silvermarie2001: @realDonaldTrump whats wrong with canadians?  Nothing except they are too smart for U.S. leaders to deal with!"I hope everyone that read @DanAmira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @NYMag in protest. Let me know."""@lggarmon: I wish the @realDonaldTrump would be president, our country would be much better off than what it is. #WhatAmericaNeeds #Trump16"No wonder @NYMag is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like @DanAmira, it will only get worse!@DanAmira @NYMag A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed."Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our ""leaders""? This is a scandal!"Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadershipNo surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They don’t want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazine’s failure.Our country is being run by total amateurs. Let’s just call it “amateur hour.”Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.Honored to be attending Rev. @BillyGraham’s 95th birthday. His life &amp, work has brought hope &amp, faith to millions worldwide.This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.@nbrenewables @TrumpScotland Thank you.@WayneEtnyre @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.@southpaw816 @WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus So nice, thank you.@itscharlotteann Thanks!ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHINGThe contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE"""@dongibson12: @magicdel @LateShow Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA""""""@AmeliaLanders_: @realDonaldTrump America needs to listen to what Trump is saying. #TrumpForChange"" Thanks!""""@Ryalsflair: @realDonaldTrump Our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again."" So true!""""@ChrissstinaC: @realDonaldTrump I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter #love""""@SocSteve: @realDonaldTrump was the man on Letterman!""""""@magicdel: @realDonaldTrump @LateShow You're the only one.""""""@mitchgotinfo: @realDonaldTrump Don, the Country needs you, I served 4 years in our Armed forces, and I am asking you to lead our Nation,""""""@BiancaT37180567: @realDonaldTrump why be governor when you can be president?""""""@mitchgotinfo: @realDonaldTrump Great men do great things, America needs you, America's allies need you, in truth the world needs you."" Wow""""@theholst: @realDonaldTrump I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president, the US needs you. Thank you.""""@pegcitytimo: best @realDonaldTrump interview yet @LateShow""  Thanks!""""@bwiss24: @realDonaldTrump is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16""""@sportcork: @realDonaldTrump You were great on Letterman as usual.""  Thank you!"How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?"""@RocknrollRK: @realDonaldTrump Great appearance on Letterman. Such a great insight. Wish we had more great businessmen like you.""""""@russellwestofa:  I'm a Democrat, have not been your biggest fan, but you made some very good points on the #Davidletterman show tonight.""""""@eyesinburgh: ""You've really got the world by the ass, don't you?"" says Letterman to @realDonaldTrump. Classic""""""@krokid2012: @NickFaldo006 @realDonaldTrump No joke.....The Donald would be a great #rydercup captain.""  I agree.""""@CrystalLee1971:  then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!"".""By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the ""energy"" that lies just below our feet (now)!"Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!I'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy..@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!"""@piersmorgan  Thanks @realDonaldTrump for coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!""  Piers--Congrats!""""@_JohnHahn: @realDonaldTrump Ferry Point looks awesome! It should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon""""""@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future."" Wow, nice."Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!"""@vraia: @realDonaldTrump Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?  Not many!"I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the  S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!@WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus  True and thanks.@bahia6085 So nice, thank you.@DJCastiello Thanks.@GlobalGolfPost Thank you.@missharleyd49 Thank you.Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg &amp, @jacknicklaus was spectacular. Lots of people &amp, jobs!Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all!"""@Blueyez1214: @realDonaldTrump Please Dont ,,,as I do LOVE NY like you do,,your not a Governor,,,your a President""  Cute!""""@Ceastwood12: @realDonaldTrump now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY"" Will blow Bethpage away!"Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp, prestige to N.Y.C.!Will be cutting ribbon at   10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT."""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.  Thank you, casting now for next season.""""Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."" – Pres. Ronald Reagan"@andypoo19 Thank you.Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way.@KarenAsh1560 @B_Cat41 Happy Birthday!“Experience, knowledge, &amp, prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.”  Think Like a ChampionThanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!@Roc_Cayard So nice, thank you.@BillNojay Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.@Prince_Keign Perhaps--no decision yet.@yankeefan3000 Thanks--@Macys.com@ComplexGenius  Thanks.@IanCurbishley Thank you.@AlyssaMenasci My honor.@SkiingElvis It will be the country's finest resort!@905K9 Thanks.As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!@AlyssaMenasci You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.@905K9 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them."""@joedmti: @realDonaldTrump U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth, fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Part of success!""""@SunnyPahoujaDDS: @realDonaldTrump your @TrumpLasVegas is an amazing property thru n thru.""  Thank you-tallest &amp, most beautiful in LasVegas"@AnnetteNavaret  Great.@christineinsatx  Thank you Christine."""@vinnypac: @realDonaldTrump gr8 spot on@foxandfriends. Insightful, honest, Intelligent xommon sense. U woulf make a phenomenal gov of NY""""""@01101O10: only an idiot loses money in real-estate @realdonaldtrump does that all the time.""  I've made over ten billion $'s, you idiot!""""@jlow6603: Best part about Monday mornings is listening to @realDonaldTrump on Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!!"" Thank you!""""@michell33841372: @realDonaldTrump @PMPrindiville Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about."" Thanks!""""@Miranda__Phoebe: @realDonaldTrump graduated from @Wharton (the School of Champions)."" Great school, true!"@TiffanyATrump Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!"""@PMPrindiville: @realDonaldTrump PLEAAAASE RUN for PRESIDENT!!! Help America Donald Trump, you're our only hope!""  Thank you."@AdityaTaday Thank you!"""@efarns: “@SeaFishWorks: @realDonaldTrump So true. Who signed off over 1/2 billion web site. Biggest failure in I T history” pretty amazing"Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp, disaster@IvankaTrump @TrumpChicago  Great news!@kfonkwa @PiersMorganLive  Thank you.@wrhitchcock Thank you and true!"""@LuLuBillie2010  @realDonaldTrump GOD bless you Mr. Trump!!""  Thank you."@KeithR69 @Giants True!@CaroleCJF  Thank you.@redneckcowboy_1 @piersmorgan Thanks.Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.@NeanderthalMan1 @BarackObama Quickly.@jacobmathews @PiersMorganLive Piers is a good man, even if we disagree with him.Personally, I think Douglas Durst’s brother got screwed by Douglas—no wonder he’s angry!Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?I wouldn’t use @Richard_Meier to design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp, others!Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!“Problems, setbacks, mistakes &amp, losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.” – Think Like a Champion"“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work &amp, fight to get beyond them.""""""@RBrownFSU: @realDonaldTrump I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement"" Wow""""@kdawnpatterson: Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business &amp, know how to negotiate. #tump4prez""""""@K3LCI: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote Trump for president ten times over. #trueleadership""  Thank you."Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!"""@PapiGonzalez3: Our country needs a smart, experienced, successful man. TRUMP 2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movement""  Wow!""""@MaridythN: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President. Your ""take-no-BS"" attitude is what we need in this country!""""""@Mary_Eg: @realDonaldTrump Sir, that was a great interview you had with Piers, keep up the good work sir""  Thank you.""""@wykkdlilchit: @realDonaldTrump @piersmorgan We need more than 10 min with Donald. Was inspired. Get gov't in assembly and make them watch.""""@swooshl31: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for president !!!!""  Well, our Country would become very rich, very fast....and then, lot's of good!""""@mat_sly: @realDonaldTrump Great job, What we need in the next election!!! #2016""""""@BerniceTaylor10: @realDonaldTrump Really enjoyed your interview.Honest and stright forward, Love it!!""  Thanks."@jmackd10 Thank you.@suereformer Tell John he is a total winner!"@DigGower @piersmorgan @DailyMirror @guardian 4th now! David should have seen his interview with @realDonaldTrump truly amazing.""""""@ErikAunapuu: @realDonaldTrump I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!"" Thank you.""""@ErikAunapuu: @realDonaldTrump I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!"" Thanks.""""@nealobleser: @realDonaldTrump 4 president #2016""""""@Roberts3269: @realDonaldTrump Blake Thomas Roberts, the Donald Trump of Houston. You're my motivation! #dedication #hardwork"" Great!""""@E_Chenault07: If @realDonaldTrump was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track.""""@kameronwhitley: @realDonaldTrump watching your CNN interview, we need someone like you to run for president!""  Thank you.""""@lauramatthews45: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland Donald, I LOVE this place!""""@HollyMo15146097: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!""""@abhishek_ktm: @realDonaldTrump You scored a 10 on @piersmorgan. Thanks for keeping it real!"""@TrainSpartanFit Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!"""@DavidRealtorCT: @realDonaldTrump Amazing Interview Mr.Trump,love the fact you didn't sugarcoat the facts. Thank you Sir.""""""@wykkdlilchit: @realDonaldTrump The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!""""""@JimBou1234: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Piers Morgan!""  Thank you.""@piersmorgan I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to @realDonaldTrump 's advice on how to do a deal."""@piersmorgan Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!I’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)Obama has called @GOP terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all @GOP demands."""The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure."" - Sen. Obama, 3/16/06"Obama’s job approval is at 37%, a record low. @GOP &amp, @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage &amp, momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.@AmberLay2013 Thank you.@Shadowbat Thank you."""@cory_wise @realDonaldTrump thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes!"" Thank you."@Armani_G_ @theRealKiyosaki Great!"""@Lennydrew   @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It starts the day off right!""  Thx"“My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion"""@ChrisAgada: @realDonaldTrump on @PiersMorganLive tomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!""  TONIGHT.""""@lil_borto: I said this last year, but Ill say it again.. @realDonaldTrump should be president. This man knows his shit!"""Re Florida Power &amp, Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp, not ruin the beauty of Florida.I pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power &amp, Light &amp, they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne GretzkyEntrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.“Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a ChampionIf the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!"""@OHOUD555: ""@realDonaldTrump: "" Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with @Damacakoya""""@kristensharpe30: @realDonaldTrump @NhoieGee love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)""""""@motleyhoney: @realDonaldTrump I say go for it, solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in Vancouver""Thanks""""@NhoieGee: @realDonaldTrump am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?""  Miss Universe on Nov 9th, yes!"@GenallKasmikha  I notice, thanks Genall!With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!"""@JoseConesa01: @realDonaldTrump It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, ""you're FIRED""""  Thanks for the nice words!"I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!Florida Power &amp, Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp, Change.Had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united &amp, on message.If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.@kimfeather177  Thanks.@Jon_dennis82 @Redskins  True.@myangel82 @bobbymayojr Thanks.@jeffanie Thank you."President Obama wants to change the name of the ""White House"" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!"President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense"""@AmandaTMiller: Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump""""@Mimi_La_Reina: @fogslifting @realDonaldTrump @Redskins that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs, Braves, Indians ect"My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!"“Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp, a negative emotion"" Think Like a Champion"With the debt limit approaching, @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.“We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!Standing strong for his people, @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!"""@TheGINE3000: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue.""""""@bobbymayojr: @realDonaldTrump Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !""""""@GeneMcVay: @realDonaldTrump The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM. @SpeakerBoehner""""@WRNSR: @realDonaldTrump Negotiations are non-existant, Obama needs to be sent a copy of ""The Art of the Deal"" (Maybe autographed)""""""@jacadere: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed."The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!"""@bprunty67: @realDonaldTrump the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!"""@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!"""@ryan_mcvicker: Went to @realDonaldTrump winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday, it was awesome! One of the best!""  Thanks!""""@robertore62: RT @realDonaldTrump:""@RoySchuhmacher: @realDonaldTrump You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!""""@gbla: Time to clean up Washington... Vote @realDonaldTrump for President in 2016!""""""@steveamani: @realDonaldTrump Please help save our country and run for President!! #USA""""""@RoySchuhmacher: @realDonaldTrump You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America! #TRUMP2016""  Thank you."“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack NicholsonWhile the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp, Congress w/their exemptions?@JackMartin32  Thanks!@PIERPAOLOMONNI So true!Just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great!Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing, land destroying, environmentally disastrous windmills.“Life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big"""@TonyCinMo: “@realDonaldTrump: Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.”"@TheMikeAwesome Thanks.“Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work, but from the assets they build.” –  Midas Touch“Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.” - Pat RileyObama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obama’s war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.‘Moderate’ Repubs plotting against @GOP strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp, primaries aren't fun.Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp, she has a budget surplus.My friend Larry King @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with him—he was always great to me—&amp, I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.“Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. That’s taking control.” – Think Like a Champion@Greek_Boy_21 Thanks, what a mess.@BillageT1 I agree.@TimWristen They must go to a larger screen.@seanparts Spring of '15."""@Carman_D   @realDonaldTrump I hate that our country has come to this, our president has ruined our  country."" Not totally, yet!"@McLeanGolf Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course."""@hasantaleb: If @realDonaldTrump was The President all our problems would be fixed."" We would be doing great!""""@preferrex: @realDonaldTrump please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in NJ.  Get better fast""""@Doug_E_Fresh2: Forget the country, @realDonaldTrump could run the world better than anyone anywhere."" Thanks Doug!""""@delveezus: .@realDonaldTrump is a genius when it comes to politics. You cant deny #TheDonald""  Thank you.""""@EricXMorrison: Honestly, @realDonaldTrump could run this country better than anyone in D.C.""  I agree!!!!""""@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump To save US and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as President"" Thank you!"Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp, build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp, big things will happenDemocrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington won’t feel any painThe ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo."""When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify."" - @IsraeliPM @netanyahu"@IsraeliPM @netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that @Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp, jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch"“Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy, there is no excuse."" - Think Like a Billionaire"It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdownThere have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.@TheeKentBailey  Thanks.It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success!"""@kennyj7d7 @realDonaldTrump Run for office, you are the only one that can fix this big mess."" Perhaps true!""""@jj10471  @realDonaldTrump if you were in office this would of never happen #trump2016""  True!"@jamesreid88  Thanks.Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!Obama &amp, the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."""@MyLifeIsLibby: @realDonaldTrump you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!""""The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said ""we can't win"".Very bad!""""@bigjohnryan75: @realDonaldTrump we need @realDonaldTrump and Bill O'Reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out! @FoxNews""""""@zachjohnson88: @realDonaldTrump please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government #2016 Will be working on it"Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!“Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller@deedeegop @GretchenCarlson @FoxNews Dee Dee-- Great seeing you @FoxNews. You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.@kingsthings @TrumpNewYork Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!@growingupbryce Happy Birthday!Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!"""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come.""  Thanks."@BrennenChase Thanks!@mikemarchlik  Thank you!"""@jesssizzle28: @realDonaldTrump for president""  Thank you!"@DanyellaAngel  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).@Eamyoncanoe  Cute boy, nice.@karliejanowski Thanks Karlie!With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much lessObamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!"""@MSFerr1: @realDonaldTrump if we could afford it, would you support it?""  No,""""@AENMAD: @realDonaldTrump will you be running for president or is it all talk?""  Time will tell!""""@flwgolfs: @realDonaldTrump : I have heard Obama say , We can afford Obama care, America is a rich nation, we can afford it."" No, not close""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Don't think I can watch news anymore. O is doing such a good job of turning US into joke, I can't look anymore""""@davidd0069: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need money for a campaign! Everyone already knows and loves him! #trump2016"" Very nice!""""@rosschisholm10: @realDonaldTrump Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please""""@adammatruski: @realDonaldTrump stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency"" Good point!""""@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk: I wonder if @realDonaldTrump knows that @MileyCyrus is following him on twitter! #trump #miley"" That's great!""""@joannalmoore372: @AceMan65 @realDonaldTrump @Macys its a great shirt and looks great! Trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite"Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!"""@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump if the people want to get our economy back on track, they’ll vote #TRUMP in 2016""Thank you.""""@sellinghomes123: @realDonaldTrump best properties all over the world!""""""@BordenRhodes: @realDonaldTrump can close the economic, racial and political divisions in America"" That is true!"Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?"""@Follow_DTrick: @BanginBella i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office...@realDonaldTrump for President! 2016""""""@BordenRhodes: @realDonaldTrump I think you are the #MostPowerfulVoiceInMedia"" Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?"Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry FordDon’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory."""@JeremyrLack: @realDonaldTrump what would your first act in office be?""  To end Obamacare."On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shirts are sold @Macys.com"""@RonnieDunn1164: @realDonaldTrump you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!""""""@normancom1: @realDonaldTrump after following your career for over 20 yrs, I conclude you are the real thing.. run for public office,please""""@the_Larkinater: @realDonaldTrump I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!"""@cripplecreek101  Thanks and true!"""@Beliefheals: @realDonaldTrump Awesome Example! Thank you for being a great American!!!"" Thanks.""""@AnastasiaRubine: @realDonaldTrump ....I love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. Good job!"" Thank you.""""@Bugsyfire: @realDonaldTrump You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!""  Interesting!""""@DashJohnston: @realDonaldTrump Feels like I have grown up with you. My dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. You are amazing! Wow"I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!@stretch33701  Good point, yes!"""@FelixNunez249: @realDonaldTrump congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again, it will be better!!"" So true!  Thanks."Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC."Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked ""ass"" and got it done fast"The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!“A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – Think Like a Champion"""Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.""- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare"7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListenBoth Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListenHappy belated birthday wishes to @BarbaraJWalters. Barbara is terrific!“Partner with people who share your values, attitude and drive.” – Midas Touch with @theRealKiyosaki“The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - @rupertmurdoch"""@MISSUNIVERSE43 @realDonaldTrump Great book.  'The Art of the Deal' ""  Thanks."@ColetonEmr Happy Birthday!"“Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning."" -Think Big"In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListenObama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp, Change.Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!"""@Greek_Boy_21: @realDonaldTrump if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government""""@Miranda_Diplo: @realDonaldTrump IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT."""@NeNeLeakes NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!)."""@SissyRichQueenb: Make sure y'all watch #IDreamofNene 2NITE @realDonaldTrump will be on there @NeNeLeakes @Bravotv 9pm""""""@SissyRichQueenb: Can't wait to Watch #IDreamofNene tonight I no @realDonaldTrump will give @NeNeLeakes some good Advice @Bravotv""  WATCH!"“If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?” - Vince Lombardi“Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky.” – Think Like a ChampionIt’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp, Lee.Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?Congrats to Team USA &amp, Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo@99or1youdecide Thank you.@MileyCyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE."""@Aus10_Bailey: @realDonaldTrump has the best tweets for real.""  Thank you, a great way to communicate."I am a defender of @MileyCyrus, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!"@Miranda_Diplo   ""I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But @realDonaldTrump is our nation's answer."" Thanks."Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp, lead to blackouts.The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing, stand strong &amp, defund!Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp, an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office."""@KingNSG: @realDonaldTrump we need a big change, I believe you have the best chance, and ability to do so.""  Thank you.""""@piersmorgan: Smartest man in American television &gt, Mark Burnett. #Voice #Bible #Survivor #Apprentice"""The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night."""@jzpi: AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after @realDonaldTrump #totalhack""  Thank you!""""@30carguy: @realDonaldTrump could you do a better job??""  YES!"Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!"""@LebaneseKobe: @realDonaldTrump as a Muslim and as an American, i know for a fact that you Mr. Trump respect all people!""""@dreamcharm: @realDonaldTrump eventhough don't agree with you slot, still think of you as rolemodel, thx, run for office""""""@Agustin_Gil: @ApprenticeNBC @ @KimRichards11 #RHOBH and #CelebApprentice should be part of the Emmys nominations!""  Pure politics!""""@2LukeVBeck2: @realDonaldTrump ""Americas Hope""""""""@KrissyGasbarre: To @realDonaldTrump: the service, food and rooms at Trump Intl. are OUTSTANDING. I've finally found my Las Vegas hotel.""""@mandem3: @realDonaldTrump you hate muslims.""  Wrong""""@YadiraTriunfo: @realDonaldTrump is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. THANKS!"Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!"""@2LukeVBeck2: @realDonaldTrump ""Americas Hope"""" Our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape!""""@995mu: @DELAVEGAPROPHET @realDonaldTrump De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings""""@daveesnova: @realdonaldtrump The unparalleled genius""  Thanks."@teamreiss8 Thanks."""@DELAVEGAPROPHET: @realDonaldTrump Always great working with you. You are a true modern master. Thank you."@MelissaIl Really good, thanks M."""@VinceMcMahon: @realDonaldTrump on #Raw equals ratings""  TRUE!""""@rsmundo: @realDonaldTrump @nymike7 @kaatje36 I like the Donald. An American hero.""""""@nymike7: @kaatje36 let me ask if you dislike @realDonaldTrump then why do you read his tweets?"" Because they can't live without me-haters!"@PatsIntensity  Happy birthday!"""@Eckbowman: @realDonaldTrump Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!""""""@mgmacdon: @realDonaldTrump thinking of booking #trump Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water?"" Great &amp, yes""""@KobayashiNick: @realDonaldTrump do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?"@OriginalArts1  Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!"""@Miranda__Diplo: @realDonaldTrump is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual."" Thank you.""""@nickterry18: @realDonaldTrump is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successful👍""  Thanks.""""@hitillidie: @realDonaldTrump no George Buch did that"". George Bush gave us Obama!""""@Aperanio827: @realDonaldTrump us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats""""""@67Chester: @realDonaldTrump Care to say a few words to @IranGovt ?""  Get rid of the NUKES, and fast!""""@Brendaswigert: @realDonaldTrump I value your opinion. I value your wisdom from experience and education. You have so much to offer! Thanks"Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!"""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump @Klyushina_ENG Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so.""  Can be done!""""@CherylPotgieter: @realDonaldTrump just watched your Roast here in SA and u were brilliant"" Thank you!""""@joshjame: Best Twitter follow I ever made: The Donald. Random 24/7 MT @realDonaldTrump: I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person"An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person."""@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business""""""@LilliRome: Can @realdonaldtrump replace @mcuban on #sharktank?"" Mark is doing just fine, but thanks!""""@vabeachrpm: @realDonaldTrump love Macy's !""  I agree!""""@HoppMar: @realDonaldTrump And you also made a great call on BA, a few months ago, and you were SO RIGHT !"" And made lots of money-thanks!""""@Mullaney3000: @realDonaldTrump what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster. #braggingrights"" I LOVE TO WIN!"“Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp, religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams“One man with courage is a majority.” - Thomas JeffersonIf you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.@CorsoC311 @SamShahrooz Thanks Cathy.@LexiPerez96 Hi Lexxay.Americans by &amp, large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp, gov’t got waivers. Defund!Congratulations to @SpeakerBoehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare."""@RealJohnAnthon: @realDonaldTrump Why do you hate Africa so much?""  I don't-tremendous potential!""""@andreamanco95: @realDonaldTrump. Mr Trump..i remember your match vs @VinceMcMahon..it was awesome...what a business man!  Thank you!""""@johnmorrow821: @realDonaldTrump You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!""  True!"@magmom13  Yes, she is FANTASTIC!"""@InNovember2012: @realDonaldTrump Why can't this president do ANYTHING right? He's such a disaster!"" A fair question!""""@IcemanIMMG: @realDonaldTrump is the best in business ., #NoDaysOff""  Right up there!""""@ovobeckford2: RT: @realDonaldTrump  Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice.""""""@ClydeJayvy: @realdonaldtrump You'd be a great professor.""  My uncle was a professor at M.I.T.""""@Klyushina_ENG: @realDonaldTrump when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming"" Nov. 9""""@Maxiculture: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts are simple, straight, precise, timely and timeless.""  Thank you!""""@FatherSiisi: @realDonaldTrump 's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about!""""@Spencer67: @realDonaldTrump For once, I completely agree with you! Business wise, you're brilliant. I just don't support your politics! OK""""@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!"Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!"""@HoppMar: @realDonaldTrump I saw his brother in Kenya interviewed, HE may be wiser, actually.""  I'm so surprised his brother lives in Kenya"President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRANPresident Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!.@MileyCyrus – don’t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong!As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplement—immediately.My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.@geomac24 Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense."""@anthonydefrenza: @realDonaldTrump Apple is hard of hearing.""  So true!""""@SamShahrooz: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you run for President? I think you would win and be a great President! #Trumpforpresident"" Thanks!"Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting."Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me ""sucks"" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!"@iPhoneTeam  Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!"""@KeilaniK1: @realDonaldTrump Apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight &amp, abnormally tiny fingers for texting"""I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE@Phil_Grech Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!@dalasner Yes."""@3Ddudra: @realDonaldTrump Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open?"" 18 months.""""@JeffPetak: @realDonaldTrump when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play?"" November 15."@LeighAnnMac Send his info to my office.@10AJMcCarron Great game last week, your team really needed you!"""@mark_yamin: @realDonaldTrump Right! And who files a lawsuit on a Saturday anyway? Good call D.T. He thought you would settle because of pr""""@SwingTrader2012: @realDonaldTrump I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world.""  Thank you.""""@margaritapotter: @realDonaldTrump you got it Donald, that resort will be the best!!!!""""""@apb51283: America needs a strong leader with an innovative mind. @realDonaldTrump, you are that leader (and nobody else is even close). T""""@casey1137: @realDonaldTrump can you prove it?""  YES!"Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?@seanhannity  #Defund Obamacare!Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!"""Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way."" - Think Like a Champion"“Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.” – Midas TouchEveryone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.@akendall13 Too early!.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare."""@CaptainBlob: @realDonaldTrump I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidential""  Made by Serta, they are really great.""""@RealBboy360: @realDonaldTrump Boeing is at a record high, thanks for saying to buy a while back"" You are welcome.""""@Dropz11: @realDonaldTrump @Chloe_Eliise Unfortunately, the good men like Trump only run for President once a century.""  Thank you.""""@RandyMinshew: America needs a brilliant patriot like @realDonaldTrump to guide this country!""  Thank you!"@seanhannity Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!"""@KaburuOle: @realDonaldTrump like Einstein was the greatest scientist, I submit, you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time."" Thank you.""""@Chloe_Eliise: I really hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president in 2016""  Thanks, so do many people, our country is going to hell!""""The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size."" -- Einstein"“Keep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough.” – Think Big“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” - Dale CarnegieThe Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!"""@Hunterboss1996: @realDonaldTrump Trump really knows what he's talking about. Everyone is just too jealous to listen. Lol."" Thank you!"American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!@ArsenioHall has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump"""@JCOTheAmerican: @realDonaldTrump I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald.""  You will do great.""""@saredelman: @realDonaldTrump is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him, HE DOES NOT CARE WHAT YOU SAY. 😂😂😂""""""@DHalley: @realDonaldTrump Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care.""  Thank you.""""@DeasWorld: @realDonaldTrump stunning! Wishing you a great success in Mumbai.""  Thank you.""""@brownteeth: @realDonaldTrump since all of your predictions have been spot on!""  True!"Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeamBashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!Congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!"""@SarahBeth1020: @realDonaldTrump &amp, @seanhannity on @FoxNews this morning!?!? My day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends"" Thanks Sarah.""""@ProjectMayhem_M: @realDonaldTrump will be our next president. Mark my words.""  Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!"@AnishaBhasin1 You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!"""@ProjectMayhem_M: I want to go to @wharton just like @realDonaldTrump. He is a hero of mine. Such a brilliant man.""  WHARTON is great!""""@99awesomeone: @realDonaldTrump How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?! #WM30""Sounds good to me, I already hold the record!""""@Mbrown1047: @realDonaldTrump - 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. Good idea in our current economy, or not? Great idea"@FloydMayweather  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)"""@ashleybonder: @realDonaldTrump if you had to start all over again, which industry would you choose ?"" REAL ESTATE, Ashley.""""@A_Roy0317: I am proud to say as a first time voter I already know that I will vote for @realDonaldTrump in 2016. #youthvote #change #proud""""@Smile4Riley: @realDonaldTrump Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEART/LUNG Transplant ♡""""@1JeffHensley: @realDonaldTrump @DuaneMcAnally Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016"" TRUE""""@Catherine1840: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!""  Thanks!"When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!"""@Tee_Rellzz: I may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman @realDonaldTrump""  Very true!""""@DuaneMcAnally: @realDonaldTrump really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout."" .Thank you."@FloydMayweather  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!@FloydMayweather  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!"""@pablofication: @realDonaldTrump The world needs a strong &amp, proud America, back to founding principals. You know how to make things great!""""@mikeoconnell10: @realDonaldTrump I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?  Thanks Mike.""""@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald can""  That's what I do-but sometimes keep it""""@CUREHDSAORG: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for caring about Huntingtons Disease! You are amazing! So many blessings your way!"" Thank you!""""@aMANinMANHATTAN: We are all wondering who @realDonaldTrump likes in tonight's fight! #MayweatherCanelo #sohohouse""  Mayweather!""""@exLWaters: @realDonaldTrump @Rizz_Lizz Not all Four Seasons Hotels are good. Every Trump is Always Perfect.""  So true, thanks!"New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW@charliemurphy Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!"""@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!""""""@AllenWronowski: @TrumpGolfDC did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorPGA. Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!""""@AllenWronowski: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @TrumpGolfDC Have created something very special. #2103juniorPGA best ever is the word here.""""@MasterSasser: @realDonaldTrump when are we going to have a PGA tour event @TrumpGolfDC ? Best course I've ever played."" Very soon!""""@JasonBordui: The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is @SixteenChicago @realDonaldTrump.""""@PGAalltheway: @realDonaldTrump played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral, said the new design is amazing Can't wait!""""""@PeaceOut4Hire: @realDonaldTrump Nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge. #PEACEOUT""  That is so true!"I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill"""@caitconn: On a serious note @realDonaldTrump's tweets are genius. One of the smartest people! 🇺🇸""  Thank you, very nice!""""@tkdhardy: @realDonaldTrump how about Jim Furyk and his 59 today greatness""  Jim Furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!"Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better."""@dancurran4: @realDonaldTrump take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit.""  So true!""""@reinaplaza: @realDonaldTrump don't call me a witch or medium,but I know you will be the next USA President. And you will get peace!  Wow!"@MarkSimoneNY  Mark - thanks for remembering."""@CaroleCJF: @realDonaldTrump @Aj_baylor You are such a welcome voice of reason.""  Thanks!"@umman91 Great going, congrats!@JanMillerCoHost  Thanks Jan!"""@IMSJustJustin:  TRUMP2016! ""You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips."" Please, Sir, make the announcement! #Patriotic"""We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!"""@duneknight: @realDonaldTrump are you gonna run for president? All this talk of politics is waste if you don't run."" You are correct!""""@Aj_baylor: @realDonaldTrump has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country"" Thank you, I agree!""""@TheGrumpyHusky: @realDonaldTrump He's too late on fixing America. That'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 Sir."Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA“Trust your instincts, especially if they are well honed.” – Midas Touch.@Yankees manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!NO GAMES! HOUSE @GOP MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DON’T, THEN THEY OWN IT!Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.At least @TheTinaBeast is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.@TheTinaBeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.Tina Brown could finally be over.  @thedailybeast is a total failure. She just got fired, great!I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp,Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak"""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump Wish more people with large followings would speak up like Mr. Trump always does."" True, not honest!""""@bburke0920: @realDonaldTrump stay awesome MR. Trump you are an inspiration and a great American wish our elected officials could be same!""""@MJGrilliot: @realDonaldTrump is the funniest, yet most honest person on Twitter"" Thanks!"“@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.”@BrentLudington  Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.“Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. PattonWhy is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp, the oil speculators continue to rip us off."Many people have asked recently ""when do you sleep?""  The answer is -- not much."@Alan_Saranga Thanks.A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!@ewilli1204  Thanks!@TammieHarrison  Great!"@joshskaggs  ""@realDonaldTrump stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!"" Thanks!""@AccountsRS ""@realDonaldTrump Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era.""  We got lucky!"Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIALI said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!"""@redellis1: @realDonaldTrump He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!""  Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman""""@kbmc24: @realDonaldTrump my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers!"" Great!""""@best_Is_me: @realDonaldTrump is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process""""""@CodyBaine: @realdonaldtrump your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field""""""@TheTeflonDante: @realDonaldTrump who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts?"" There are a number of very good people!""""@johndoe5210: @realDonaldTrump . I worked for another self made man, Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!"Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or WeinerAssad hit the jackpot!Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!"""@thorpe81: @realDonaldTrump you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!""  I will be working hard on that!""""@Airmanfirst: @realDonaldTrump Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him?"" He should move, better for him to make a new start"Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies aloneLightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!"""@jean_penny: @realDonaldTrump I love love Donald Trump!""  Thanks!""""@The_ClarkSide: @realDonaldTrump is the man! #TrumpForPresident"" Thanks!""""@morningafterbil: @realDonaldTrump I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world."" Wow,nice""""@DeanoCT: @realDonaldTrump you sir have the greatest twitter of all time"" Thank you!""""@TheGreatGedi: @realDonaldTrump In Donald We Trust.""  Thanks!""""@TsatsaSepia: ""@realDonaldTrump: “A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion""""""@Drake4444444: Youre welcome. We did it! @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-""""@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?"Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power"""@TVreporter: @realDonaldTrump What will you miss most about Wiener?""  Absolutely nothing!""""@MiketheScrew: @realDonaldTrump Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly."""Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!"""@bingham_tammy: @realDonaldTrump why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi #americans killed. Syria not our business"""Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.Here we go!Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!"""@JcoyShox25: I honestly think our next president should be @realDonaldTrump .. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.""""@allen1006: @realDonaldTrump @kevin47881 he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!""""@Nick_Oros: @realDonaldTrump full supporter of #Trump2016"" Thanks.""""@dawesy_boy: @realDonaldTrump Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!""""""@obamafraudulent: @realDonaldTrump @d18mt2 The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.""""@edbaram13: @realDonaldTrump everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it""""""@d18mt2: @realDonaldTrump You will knock the President anyway. Wrong, I would love to see him do a great job, but it's not working that way""""@kevin47881: @realDonaldTrump The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America""""""@ASBrowntown: .@realDonaldTrump you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?""  I am against an attack on Syria dummy!"Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!"""@VDIT13: @realdonaldtrump You are a great American!! Thanks from a Vietnam vet!"The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!"@AustinOdusanya1 ""@realDonaldTrump you are a great mentor. I have all your books""  Great--good luck!"@Universifize @IvankaTrump @EricTrump It will be great &amp, produce many jobs.Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.@CARepublican12 @Toure So true!@HouseDealsNow @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you."@Frankie_Rap ""Cant wait to hear what @realDonaldTrump has to say about Obama's speech tonight!""I'll be tweeting during speech"@1996Goldberg Happy Birthday!"@Wasimperviz ""@realDonaldTrump when will u return to @wwe? @VinceMcMahon""  Soon!"@MissUniverse @MissUSA @MissTeenUSA @SherriHill Olivia=a total winner!"@bahia6085  ""@realDonaldTrump Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?"" You never know!""@ellevarner   ""F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful @realDonaldTrump -Midas Touch (this is a great read)"" Thanks."Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBCObama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence &amp, stature back by years. Amateurs!For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech!  9pm ET"""@DialaD7: @realDonaldTrump you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspiration""  Thanks!""""@driftaguy: @realdonaldtrump who is your favourite celebrity Apprentice winner?""  I have many!""""@mdhmdhmdh: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you retire and spend your money?""  Too boring!"This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night)."""@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump what time dose your days start?"" 4 or 5 A.M.!""""@LiamMcCallum85: @realDonaldTrump should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader""""""@GaryRathman: @realDonaldTrump do those jobs provide health insurance?""  Yes, big league!""""@Jman8354: @realDonaldTrump empires rise and empires fall I just hope as a black man I'm dead b4 ours falls, cuse if I ain't we're gone 1st""""@MYSTORY2: @realDonaldTrump did u get boo d at the us Open last night?""  No, very friendly crowd-great match!"@ArsenioHall Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!"""@andfor1: “@Toure: @realDonaldTrump Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it.” Nor Obama! So true""""@ZacharySperling: @realDonaldTrump How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life?""  18.""""@JoeyNoSocks: @Emmacochrane9 @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump @Toure would you lend him $10? 98% of people wouldn't. No, he's too stupid-lost $'s.""""@the2reggie: @realdonaldtrump personally I would ignore Toure everybody else does. He is not relevant, you are."" I don't like dumb racists!"Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!@LonghornHomer  He is not smart enough to understand!"""@PhilKnudsen: @Toure @realDonaldTrump just curious Toure, how have you done with your business ventures, and how many people do you employ?""""@rgorman33: @realDonaldTrump @MrMarin88 LOL! Way to go Trump!brilliant and funny! Double threat guy!"""@Toure  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason"""@MrMarin88: Why does @realDonaldTrump always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? Only stupid people"Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do."""@notleadinglady: @realDonaldTrump @Toure Mr. Trump how is Toure a racist? I just don't see it."" Not enough people watch him to know!"@Toure  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy@Toure If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” -Theodore RooseveltOur economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!"Why are we fighting for the ""rebels"" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!"Doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M."""@dongibson12: @realDonaldTrump @RiqardPaliq Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old, rich ex president in good health. So nice!""""@TRUE_A_Smith: @realDonaldTrump thoughts on Geno??""  He played great, especially for his first game!""""@JonC316: @realDonaldTrump Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow, ""even if released."" Can he go back in that statement?!?  He should!""""@jamesshelby: @realDonaldTrump What is your opinion on Tebow?"" Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!"Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing."""@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump Watch Donald, I'm a huge fan but a huuuuuge Bills fan. Painful loss."" A tough one to take!"Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!"""@ptmaher1: @realDonaldTrump visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!""  Thanks.""""@RiqardPaliq: @realDonaldTrump you are my inspiration,you are true legend,and i wish i had same fate like you!!!""  You are doing well.""""@dashinglis: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em""""""@RangerLE901: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT.""""""@michael_mkw10: @realDonaldTrump when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!""""@robin1260: “@realDonaldTrump Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!""""@DianeMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump speaks nothing but the truth, unlike certain people in the current presidential administration""True Diane""""@skqush: @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama wears ua line of #shirts too even if you don't agree wit his #leadership style!""  Very cute.""""@toughnewworld: I may not always agree with @realDonaldTrump statements.. But he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties""""""@johndoe5210: @realDonaldTrump @NFLONFOX , Great. I don't always agree with you but I always respect you."" Thank you.""""@Queeniegotgame: @realDonaldTrump @NFLONFOX YOU ROCKED IT! MADE MY DAY!! ENJOY YOUR SUNDAY MR TRUMP! :) :) :)""  Thanks!""""@gretawire: PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure""""""@josegonzalez_69: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote and I'm a Democrat!(Albeit a Conservative one)""  Thanks Joe."@FidanizzBig You need both, thanks."""@ashley_rad1432: @realDonaldTrump #2016 #changeisnear ????""  Could happen!"Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!"""@madrox91: I think @realDonaldTrump should run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way."" Thank you!""""@ET614: @realDonaldTrump Trump For President 2016 !!!"" Thanks!""""@cobra4748: @realDonaldTrump I just bought one of your shirts for a business trip,quality,style,&amp,value from a name I trust.""""""@ET614: @realDonaldTrump give me an update on Anthony Weiner ??""  He's finished!""""@SybilaLopez: @realDonaldTrump ""The Quality is the best."" A+.""""""@bishopcoggins: @realDonaldTrump Tomorrow morning I will be sporting my Trump Collection, Tie &amp, Cuffs!!!"""@mathewaiken Great!"""@RossMcCutchen: @realDonaldTrump Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever owned""  At Trump Tower - 57th &amp, Fifth.""""@hyda313: @realDonaldTrump I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!""""""@JimSlickatshort: @realDonaldTrump We really don't need your shirts, damn we need your brains! Get involved in politics!  Thanks!""""@tombwiles: @realDonaldTrump You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks.""  True - people love them - thanks!""""@Hoxma: @realDonaldTrump My DJT Collection men's wallet from @macy's lasted me many years. Loved that wallet""""""@ArianaG_Lover26: @realDonaldTrump @macy damn right just bought one lookin fresh!""  Great!""""@vnessa09: Do you wear your brand from @Macy's? RT @realDonaldTrump:  YES!""""@joeperella3: @realDonaldTrump @macy I got a suit and 3 ties from you""  Great Joe!""""@CosmosTickets: @realDonaldTrump @macy your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!""  Thanks - you have good taste!"@dexterpugh Great looking couple-good to have him back!My shirts, ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!"""@FadiS_83: @realDonaldTrump is the man,never heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria.""  SMART!"@Midgespeaks  I want him to do a great job but he can't."""@anitaozz2: @Toure @realDonaldTrump Trump will do or say anything.""  But Toure (why only one name?) is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings!""President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your ""powder"" for another (and more important) day!"Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!"""@UnabashedProg: @realDonaldTrump @thegroveguru can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game?  ACTUALLY YES!""""@RLSteetle: @realDonaldTrump I'm addicted to your books. Are you writing another any time soon?""  At some point, there is so much to write!""""@kwatkiins: saw @realDonaldTrump on a video in history yesterday... made my day #smartestmanalive""  Thanks, very nice."Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!@lucindamac  Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!"""@thegroveguru: @realDonaldTrump Could you imagine Bill Belichek broadcasting to Tom Coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?""""""@ericjgiroux: @realDonaldTrump you need to make a run""  Time will tell!""""@Robertr369: @realDonaldTrump if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941""  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!"I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!"""@BretBaier: Thx RT @JedediahBila Well done, @BretBaier ""Thurs Cable News Ratings: Fox's Bret Baier Beats CNN, MSNBC, HLN Combined."If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!"""@GarryGreiner: @realDonaldTrump We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!"""“Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” -  Thomas JeffersonObama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete, @TrumpDoral will be South Florida’s premiere resort.“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch"""@robyncook7: It's sad that @realDonaldTrump knows more about politics than our politicians"""I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late"I wonder how much our ""leaders"" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?"Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!"""@vindictivraider: @realDonaldTrump Well quit yapping about and run for office. I like your ideas. DO IT!!""""""@reallLTalk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸""  Thanks.""""@autumnallday: @realDonaldTrump I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours.""  Thank you."@tsecor Sorry, have to be a member."""@KhalidNasser: @realDonaldTrump In this case, What would you do if you were the President?"" I'd rebuild the U.S. and make it great again!"The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid!"""@JesseGunPlayJay: @realDonaldTrump You're a pussy shut up and stop crying @jayleno show is funny""  No, Jay is dumb as a rock-gets outplayed"We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!“If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The Art of the DealRussia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp, treasure.It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.I have just lost my beautiful &amp, elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman.AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp, FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!"""@gregfrech: @realDonaldTrump have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart &amp, liver!!"While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?"If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the ""rebels"" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!"Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!"""@Whoopsydoodle: @realDonaldTrump god your the best Mr. Trump!""  I like you tooooo!""""@Bchipper83: @realDonaldTrump haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!"" Thank you!"The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!"""@Bchipper83: @realDonaldTrump haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!""""""@walterdisneyusa: @realDonaldTrump you would make such a good president"" Thank you!""""@livin_in_80s: @realDonaldTrump hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of @realDonaldTrump !"" It is the only way!"@Gene_Valin Thank you."""@cbgoober: @realDonaldTrump @StephMcMahon @Tjryyyan @WWE think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to #RAW"" Speak to Vince!"@dongibson12 Very true!"""@BABOONVIEW: @realDonaldTrump inspires me soo much""  Great!""""@Tjryyyan: @realDonaldTrump Did you enjoy the experience you had with @WWE""  Yes, had a great time!""""@Sebast_Valmont: @realDonaldTrump @MacMiller lmao.. What about his tattoos? Do you like those?""  NO!""""@J_Lowry_: Idc what anyone says @realDonaldTrump is the man""  Very nice!""""@Sebast_Valmont: @realDonaldTrump when is @MacMiller gonna pay you?"" That is a very good question! His only good song is Donald Trump.""""@thecarlossegura: @realDonaldTrump do u like Lettermans show?""  Yes, much smarter than Leno.""""@FSUSteve: @realDonaldTrump Why do you think you're so polarizing?""  Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!"Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!"""@PDGreenwood: ""I wish I could go on Jay's show so badly!"" Real quote from @realDonaldTrump"" Real quote is ""I wish they would stop calling"""@twojacksdetail  Send it to me in New York, Doug!  Thanks."""@REAPEROFTRUTH: @realDonaldTrump u mad because @jayleno doesn't want u on his show? He begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser!""""@WhiskeysCowgirl: @realDonaldTrump "" just turned off Jay!  I can't watch him anymore, running out with the phony high fives-he's lost it!""""@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump you need to go on @HowardStern to bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him too""  Howard is right on Leno-Jay is over""""@MariaDavidson10: @realDonaldTrump you have more followers than they (@billmaher @jayleno) do."" So true, and am hopefully MUCH smarter!"“Appreciate your property, and your property will appreciate for you.” – Think Like a BillionaireI hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!I’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp, I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!“To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big@TylerKrist734  Thanks.@dhtherex Thanks.Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda..@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. She’s a great player and a wonderful person.Many Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp, supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!@LadyJelenaxoxo  Thanks.@golflessondubai Soon."@SHAWSHANK5 ""@realDonaldTrump To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will""  True!""""@Michael_Dorris: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@tannermarkboots: @realDonaldTrump never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!""""@ukn96: @realDonaldTrump If two of your competitors were at war, would you let them destroy each other? Or would you back one?""""@andrewessex1: @realDonaldTrump @tannermarkboots Just finished 'art of the deal', Brilliant insight into your mind, thanks!""""@atkins4: @realDonaldTrump you realize that is what Iran wants, dont you?"" You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!"For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!What I am saying is stay out of Syria.The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp, time to prepare."""@BigSexyBDAvis: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would attack Syria or no?""  No, lets make our country great again as they fight their war!""""@BattoulShamsi: @realDonaldTrump I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things, 2 the point.""Thanks.""""@DavidAGoodman: @realDonaldTrump:How can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!""""@NattieBright: @realDonaldTrump If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!""  Watch!""""@jvmesb: @realDonaldTrump is the kind of president we need!""  True!""""@twittahmachine0: @realDonaldTrump mr trump for president""  Thank you!""""@mbouchon: Make an appearance @realDonaldTrump! We would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClub @SCProvingGround"" Thanks!"“Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it, who will?” – Midas Touch@perkins_holly  Great!@BigPoppa181  Thanks.How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.“A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a ChampionChina, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!"""@thobane63: @realDonaldTrump why the hell are you always criticising Obama""  Because he is doing a terrible, in fact embarrassing, job!""President Obama's ""Arab Spring"" is not looking so good right now!""""@Trill_Blowa: If the government just listened to @realDonaldTrump this country would be so much better!""""""@Devante4Liberty: @realDonaldTrump But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?""  Wrong!"Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.Our country is looking very bad right now!"""@desorourke84: @realDonaldTrump trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area""""@ALTO67: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts on Bill De Blasio for Mayor...""  I predicted two years ago that he would win!""""@TarekR: @realDonaldTrump If you ever become president of the US, what would be your first step?""  Get rid of Obamacare!""""@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump I am surprised Weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help.""""@pantysoaker420: @realDonaldTrump @schulesix3 @JamesFrancoTV james franco is prettier than donald trump"" But I get better ratings!""""@charliemassie: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president. For obvious reasons.""""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily.""  Thanks!""""@_itsTracy: @realDonaldTrump run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help"" Cute!""""@Omaha_Tiger: I realize what a mess we're in by watching @FoxNews...then I read @realDonaldTrump tweets...like a breath of fresh air""Thanks""""@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" Thanks!""""@DeadlyKittenz: @realDonaldTrump when you are president will you be able to bring back hope, jobs, and cash? #trump2016""  We have no choice"@ArsenioHall After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!"""@LucyInTheSky61: @realDonaldTrump @53andlex Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!""  Thanks!""""@EwudziYamoah: @realDonaldTrump Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work,""  Thank you!"Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp, time-go get a job!"""@EGSIV: @ArsenioHall actually @realDonaldTrump should be a first guest to show #gratitude #class"" Thanks for your nice remark!""""@53andlex: @realDonaldTrump, please run for POTUS 2016. America desperately needs a TRUE leader with common sense!"" Thank you.""""@schulesix3: Roast of @JamesFrancoTV will be the best one since @realDonaldTrump""  OK, as long as mine remains number one!""""@mikethoms85: @realDonaldTrump with all due respect, Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq.""  You will seldom see me defending Bush.""""@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump - it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #Syria &amp, where USA ships would attack from."@tkeller316  Thanks!In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing."""@libertybellskp: @realDonaldTrump That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily.""""""@bdeal10: @realDonaldTrump you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!""True""""@SwagDaddyYol0: Why isn't @realDonaldTrump president instead of Obama ??""  That is truly a good question!"We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid"""@Madrina26: @realDonaldTrump Any chance you'll change your mind and run for President? #GotMyVote""  Time will tell!""""@mguarino64: @realDonaldTrump "" How would you treat the Syria situation if president ?"" I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!""""@imanthonyholmes: I've always looked up to @realDonaldTrump. Business and Politics! He's the man!""  Thank you!""""@rick_huebner: @realDonaldTrump My son Joey survived leukemia. He is is now 13. Thank you Make-a-Wish and NCCF for everything they did.""""It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the ""war thing"" right now!"@akmackey So true!"""@Illuminati6sep: @realDonaldTrump , you should be President . Save America""  Thank you!"President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!@BrandiHarmon Good luck."""@Timi_fel: @realDonaldTrump You always have something negative to say about Obama ,dont you?""  Yes!"@BBPACK  You have real talent!"""@Ethan738: @realDonaldTrump just bought some beautiful Trump cuff links 👍""  Great!"@TheGrumpyHusky  Happy birthday.@DanShrigley Thank you."""@jonathanagin: @realDonaldTrump wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month.""""@iRazaAliShah: @realDonaldTrump - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does, you will take the opposite view.  WRONG-all on merit""""@dickquinn: @realDonaldTrump Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so.""""""@danconiapm: @realDonaldTrump he's no Churchill."" He might not even be Jimmy Carter!""""@PolitixChick: Just from reading his tweets, it seems like @realDonaldTrump could run our country much better than our President right now."Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.@AveyahDoesWatch Thank you."""@jayneg53: @realDonaldTrump can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!""  General Patton would not be happy right now!""""@JesseNicholas13: @realDonaldTrump I'm scared for my future.""  You should be!"Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp, laugh at us!"Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him ""don't do it"". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.""Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the ""PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR""""""@JSDub901: @realDonaldTrump may be many things, but one thing he is, is right. #tellsitlikeitis"" Thank you (sort of).""Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our ""talk"" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!"For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!"""@cadams2513: @realDonaldTrump if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016"" That's true!""""@Joe1sPro: @realDonaldTrump the president of Syria is killing people inhumanly""  But the so called ""rebels"" may be just as bad (or worse)!""""@kingsfansouth: @realDonaldTrump I usually agree with you, not tonight. Stop criticizing The President.""I will when he makes good decisions""""@jenconservative: @RKDrake @realDonaldTrump I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!!"" We don't!""""@jaymiller283: @realDonaldTrump @jenconservative We need a strong minded POTUS in office before we enter into another war.""""""@kswizzle43: @realDonaldTrump what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!.""  I would make America great again!""""@leebandoni: @realDonaldTrump for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this."" They were, for once, very smart!""""@OneMikex: @realDonaldTrump he's to soft of a president""  Incompetent would be a better word!""""@jenconservative: @realDonaldTrump Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!""  So true!""How bad has our ""leader"" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize."If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure, a truly stupid guy, they live!@dhfr64 Happy Birthday Deborah."""It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer."" -- Albert Einstein""""@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump A talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift!"Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!"""@Reuschal: @realDonaldTrump how do you know those kids will never work?""  I know!"So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!"""@hrt05hsv: @realDonaldTrump @realDBP You could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons."" Thanks.""""@RonHromadka: @realDonaldTrump talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!"@WCMartzOfficial  So true!"""@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever.""""""@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof!"" But no time!""""@cbs397: @realDonaldTrump You should have your own talk show.""  Networks and many have asked, but I don't have the time. Thanks!""""@GoCubbies22: @realDonaldTrump Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today, and the sample picture was Trump Tower in Chicago. Great""""@ZachHeatherly: Could be argued that @realDonaldTrump may or may not be a horrible person, but his twitter is the best! Thank you Donald."""@Beliefheals  Interesting and thanks!"""@Fartlesburg: @realDonaldTrump Do you ever get sad?""  I don't have the time!"@benfromdallas  Thanks Ben.@AgnesphAgnes  I agree, thanks.I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!In that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs."""@hpea0899: .@realDonaldTrump I disdain you with every fiber of my being.""  Thank you!""""@ChrisFornari: @realDonaldTrump @CNBC #trumptuesdays were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!""""@Sonnyjr66: @realDonaldTrump I'm a prof salesman, but not motivated by money, but like to win. Is that a bad thing?""  No, not at all!""""@FelixNunez249: @realDonaldTrump @macy today I received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit""  Great!"People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!"""@jasonsweis: @realDonaldTrump agreed, we need our troops on the streets of Chicago, not in Syria"""“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon@DanScavino @EricTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude  Thanks Dan.@MarlenaWells True.@jonareeves6127 Thanks.What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped."""@Agustin_Gil: @realDonaldTrump are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y""@icer100 ""@realDonaldTrump @icer100 Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!"" Interesting!"@Jungledad  Thanks!"@MarlenaWells  ""@realDonaldTrump remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy."" Thank you Marlena."If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.Wow, @CNBC ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!@tanjas_world  Tanja--never give up!The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?@walaa_3ssaf No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools."""@JanusDcjavu: @realDonaldTrump the one who talks much, does nothing"" Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!""""@voicelikeariot_: @realDonaldTrump ""@washingtonpost: Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria"" Perhaps because he is stupid?""""@RonnieDunn1164: @realDonaldTrump @Hunterboss1996 a few billion more dollars, but I'd rather say "" President Trump"" than"" President Gates""!"That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp, military.Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp, glory."""@jamieaydt: One day I hope to be successful &amp, a bit controversial like @realDonaldTrump ...keeping things interesting &amp, classy"" Go for it!""""@LeavesOfGrass_: @realDonaldTrump Actually, I think it was factual and right on the mark. You are a vulture sir, nothing more.""  Thank you!""""@bx_bobby: @realDonaldTrump what was racist about that story?""  The story wasn't racist, just inaccurate and wrong. Bryant is dumb &amp, racist""""@Hunterboss1996: @realDonaldTrump I'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president. #Trump2016"" That's OK with me!""""@Hunterboss1996: @realDonaldTrump Bill Gates has nothing on Donald Trump. #Trump2016""""""@mikeyv24: What an awful piece on #realsports about @realDonaldTrump HBO should be ashamed. #trump2016""  Very dishonest piece by racist Gum""""@dlhanno64: @JaneyGodley @realDonaldTrump Donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this President.""""@ZacKing30: @realDonaldTrump is officially the person I look up to! #billionaire #hero"" Thanks."@sonnset2  So true, not even close.@ThulisaKanzi Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.@TheLanes08 Thanks.@grindingdude @monkeydogman I will!"@tjstoudt ""I really want @realDonaldTrump to speak at Liberty University convocation again."" Great school."@latoyajackson  Thanks La Toya!@ritter1025 Happy Birthday Bernice.@alphakonstant @RICHNYJETS True."@kyleraccio ""@realDonaldTrump Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome""  Thanks."Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day."""A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” - Gen. Douglas MacArthur"“You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a BillionaireRemember, all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read!Congrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriots’ first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you."Josh8J4  ""@realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA"" Thank you."Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!@kingmortimer Interesting."@Ginny14974   ""@realDonaldTrump  the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us.""  100% correct""@bingato ""@realDonaldTrump At least Doral will be great again!!!""  That's true!"@SteveRickettsSP  Great!@TerryTm112444 Thanks Terry.@PeterThiele  Thanks Peter.I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay"""@RICHNYJETS: @realDonaldTrump dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus.""""""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other, Assad regime+ Al Q, stay out of it!"@kimguilfoyle Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy"""@frankmorano: I think @realDonaldTrump's book, ""The America We Deserve"" deserves a read. Written in 2000, very prescient!""""@SeanMichaelMc: @realDonaldTrump in Chicago for the first time, your building is amazing from the outside (cool color) to the inside.""""""@curryslap: Hey @realDonaldTrump .. your getting bashed by @TheRevAl about the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!".@FoxNews legal analyst &amp, former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack Schneiderman’s suit on @FNTheFive yesterday.She’s very sharp!There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence."The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak"" and more.  Meets with Obama &amp, then files one day later."Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.@Givens1964  Very cool, thanks.@AaronPha_q  Thanks."@d_murphy13  ""@realDonaldTrump purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!"""I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.@ElmarosuElvin  Thank you.@TuleTwilight  Interesting!@MichaelPMulhall @CNBC I don't think he can!Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp, the terrible job he has done for NY.Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$Fox and Friends"""@Sammycarguru: @realDonaldTrump Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!""  Thanks.""""@JPM17: @realDonaldTrump @TomNocera I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good""."Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc."""@HughPhartud: Schneidean is in trouble. History shows that @realDonaldTrump will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump @Chowes247 Lawsuit against Trump University is without a doubt ---political.""""""@robertlbuchsr: @realDonaldTrump ,Mr.Trump I just wanted u 2 know I agree w/ u.Respect you 2.""Thanks.""""@SusanSkeldon: @realDonaldTrump I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person."" Thanks""""@Chowes247: @realDonaldTrump Corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. Trump starts a University to help people get rich &amp, he's bad!""""@anthonyjmyers: @realDonaldTrump as for #TrumpUniversity I have ONLY ever heard GREAT things from former students. Don't sweat it!"What did our very stupid &amp, ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp, Governor Cuomo?"After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. ""this case is going away,we have no case"How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses@nikkio Thank you.@jeremygreen98 @Yankees   Yes."""@abimlebt: Eric Schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing @realDonaldTrump. Bad choice, Trump will eat him alive""""@dszippit: ""Trump University"" Liberal Witch Hunt I hope they lose,and get counter sued.@realDonaldTrump""""""@StevanScheer: @realDonaldTrump attended Tax Lien Tax Seminar Trump University. Changed my life!!! Able to open my own company Scheer Group""""@JoeSantos5150: @realDonaldTrump Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !""""""@MattEChase: @realDonaldTrump extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!"@Obs3shyn  Thanks, it was fun and amazing!"""@dadsnicklefritz: @realDonaldTrump I will make this known, if you had run for President, you had my vote, If you run,you still have my vote""""@theBARBAshop: maybe ill go to Macy's and buy a @realDonaldTrump shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding, stuff's beautiful"" Great"@NickFaldo006 Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!@BBPACK  Happy birthday!For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shirts are sold @Macys.com"""@MistRusso: @realDonaldTrump those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!""""""@circa75sydney: Amazing service from @TrumpLasVegas - great job @realDonaldTrump You're hired! All future @circa75sydney business trips.""""""@mchikkis: Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks @realDonaldTrump 👌"@jmull71 Great Jason!@Marilynn555 Thanks!"@RobertBurnand ""@realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY What a great building Mr T!""  Thanks!"Anyway, I’m all about jobs &amp, the economy &amp, making America great again. We’re falling fast!John McCain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did!People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate, which in a recent book he “miraculously” found.Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate?I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!“To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.” – Think BigWith the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM@TonyCatering @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!If Stop &amp, Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp, eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.@WalterOzaraga @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.@korydc @TrumpTowerNY Thanks, great that you remember, really nice.@HarryCraig96 @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!@tanwexy I like you too.@BrentLudington Thanks!One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.Re Miss Universe Pageant, we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”@Greek1958 Thank you John."""@lovefamously: @realDonaldTrump please can you RT? Little Mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast."@gabrielsherman Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me@jamester49 Good luck."""@Mzk51Matt: @realDonaldTrump What was up with Bryant Gumbel's cheap shot on you on HBO? He's a really dumb, really jealous racist!""""@IoIcasey: @realDonaldTrump You're an inspiration for a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump. Thanks!""  Very nice, thank you!""""@DrJulianXavier: @realdonaldtrump huge supporter of your political beliefs! #staytrumping Donald!""  I will!""""@thecoolestemma: @realDonaldTrump will there be a new season of Celebrity Apprentice?""  YES!""""@southtguy: @realDonaldTrump A better answer would have been ""Yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off.""  That too""""@ari_ana97: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president in 2016, I'll be old enough to vote to put him in office. Wooh! #Trump2016""""""@BalloradoBoy: @realDonaldTrump do you think Gumbel wrote that closing remark or @hbo? Bryant isn't smart enough (dumb as a rock), so HBO.""""@AdamMKE: @realDonaldTrump my 1st book report in 5th grade was on ""The Art of the Deal"" ~1988.  Great, Adam, and you hit big!""""@RichKowalski31: @realDonaldTrump what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?""ENERGY!""""@TarekR: @realDonaldTrump What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?""All good folks that have a gun should control it!""""@AlrightJarret: Mr @realDonaldTrump do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur?"" Yes, come up with a great idea and work your ass off!""""@aak1993: @realDonaldTrump what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera America""  I don't!""""@ZeeNazi: @realDonaldTrump there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcer""  Wrong and correct!""""@bradisin: Is @DannyZuker still feuding with @realDonaldTrump?  Who's Danny Zuker?""""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Donald, if U don't RUN in '16, we will be stuck with Hillary. Would you do that to us? Make it Trump '16."“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The DealWith Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp, Filner, which party really has the war on women?@TxSi  Happy Birthday!It’s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans..@AlexSalmond  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess."""No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp, Frisk) Is Stopped” - @NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly""@jwhitlinger_GMP  ""@realDonaldTrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?"" He is a very stupid &amp, arrogant dope!""@TheTeflonDante ""@realDonaldTrump @gretawire I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump"" They were great--thanks!"@anniehic @NYMag And so have many others.Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.Had a great time on @gretawire last night.  Greta always does great interviews.The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews"""@HERCULES: @realDonaldTrump we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.""""@rwgooch: @realDonaldTrump Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?""  A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!""""@bendreyfuss: @realDonaldTrump Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!""""""@reklaw78: @realDonaldTrump I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college."" No, I went to a much better school!""""@JoeBloww79: @realDonaldTrump is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability.""""""@jfolds: @realDonaldTrump Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!""  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.""""@MattJerichoY2J: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on becoming a @WWE #HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful""""""@pellscuse11: @realDonaldTrump Who plays more golf, yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS.""  You win!""""@MikeAmbo5: @realDonaldTrump I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy""""""@JohnSim96499126: @realDonaldTrump Damn, Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING...""  So true!""""@LisaRiv76873320: @realDonaldTrump Who is Bryant Gumbel?"" A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!""""@Anti_Fox_News: @Toure Doesn't @realDonaldTrump have better things to do, Like investigating Ted Cruise?"" You can't even spell his name!"You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?"""@us_patriot_3888: @realDonaldTrump- Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?""""@DanScavino: Great job on @GretaWire Mr. Trump! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@Jfedkiw: @realDonaldTrump I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan, Oklahoma.Where is the anger?""""@Sabretooth94: @realDonaldTrump Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk!"" And a no talent racist!"GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.@gretawire .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!@realLucasDuffy True--thanks!@DWatts3  Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible.“I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.” -  Clint EastwoodI will be doing Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China &amp, Mitt's failed campaign team.ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!It’s Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp, violent criminals. Stop &amp, Frisk keeps streets &amp, subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly.@stuartpstevens did a horrible job for Mitt—is a refund in order? Sadly, Stuart is a disaster!With @stuartpstevens expected to represent @GovChristie in the Presidential race, Chris will have a very hard time winning..@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, You’re Fired!Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!"""@The_Anti_Fox: @realDonaldTrump @NY_POLICE if Donald were stopped &amp, frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights!""  No way!""""@The_Anti_Fox: @realDonaldTrump @NY_POLICE then Donald will be OK being stopped and frisked 3 times a week, making you late""  O.K. with me!"@ukcarioca Thank you."""@Subhana_Anwar: whenever I feel down and feel like giving up I simple go to @realDonaldTrump twitter page."@J_TJOHNSON Thanks@MaestroBeadles Interesting!@cloverc8 Thanks!@Chuckdhere So true!@Mr_Smoooth Great place- thanks!@merryman34 Thanks!@samtrisi Thanks!“Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - John WayneI will be on Greta @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News..@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp, Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD."""@Clarko76: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay."@Pollysdaughter Very cute!So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!"""@AmbeyLambey: I love when @realDonaldTrump tells everyone the truth about America. #RunForPresident""""""@Iamgrizzly1974: @realDonaldTrump Our infrastructure is crumbling!""And we owe 17 trillion dollars!"Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS@Howard2Lloyd Yes, at Macy's."""@RayHeard: @realDonaldTrump @bat211 @capetown58 Meanwhile, he's on the golf course as Egypt, Syria, Iraq burn.What else is new?""""""@IrishCigarGuy: @realDonaldTrump you are so right as usual. You should run but it be a big pay cut. You are what we need."" Thank you!""""@BrandonMcKinney: @realDonaldTrump Just wanted to say that I love my Donald J. Trump dress shirts. By far most comfortable and best! Macy's""""@bat211: @realDonaldTrump @capetown58 Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster""""@Josh_Dobbs: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK Mr.Trump!!!! #USA""  Thanks.""""@capetown58: @realdonaldtrump Do you think White House is doing enough about Egypt?""  They don't know what they are doing.- not even close!""""@firdousalidr: @realDonaldTrump off to your lovely Aberdeen golf club tomorrow.""  Just got ranked number one by Golf Week Mag. - enjoy it!""""@Herbalist_mob: @realDonaldTrump determination made you who you are?""  A very important element toward anyone's success!""""@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump After you become our next President - NO ONE will take advantage of this country again.""""""@dmxxx_: haha I think it's cute how my sister likes Donald trump ☺""  Tell your sister I think she's great!""""@Sofia_Mozek: @realDonaldTrump My mind would explode with happiness if Donald Trump was elected president.""""""@GlennInvestor: @realDonaldTrump - It's not a great country now?"" No, we are a laughing stock all over the World-but we can come back big!""""@BenKilzer: But really tho if @realDonaldTrump was president omg I want that so bad""""""@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..""  ---And what a great country it would be!""We must leave ""stop and frisk"" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!""""@RichardFlorenc1: @realDonaldTrump can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game"" Good luck, WIN!""""@NathanAmato: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelPampena DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016""""""@WantDDUBLovin: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait until your building opens in Vancouver! It's gonna be a GREAT addition to our downtown core.""""@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State.."" And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.""""@Cookvol: @realDonaldTrump Visited Chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. Amazing and locals call it a success!""""""@MichaelPampena: @realDonaldTrump what's the J. stand for?""  John.""""@thineline4: @realDonaldTrump For a long time I thought you were so nasty. Now after reading your tweets I changed my mind."" Great!""""@JaseDuckman: All is well between me and @realDonaldTrump. We wear big boy pants. Mine happens to be camo. #NoWorries"" Great Jase!""""@Newsoffamous_: According to @realDonaldTrump &amp, the people at ""Ms Universe Pageant"" they never asked @BravoAndy to host this years pageant""""""@Jnewt13: Donald Trump will always be Mac Miller's best song, no contest."""For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shirts are sold @Macys.com“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale CarnegieKeep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals."@RobertUndefined  Work hard, study, read 'The Art of the Deal' and  ""Midas Touch"""My motto is: ‘Never give up.’ I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me, they are normal."""@Sjblueyes: @realDonaldTrump you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!""""@MurrayDavidCole: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with a clue, someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole. We need Mr. Trump!""""@phattim26: @realDonaldTrump we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote"" Thank you""""@vin609: @realDonaldTrump Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss.""""""@LBH39: It's called @realDonaldTrump for President! ""@FortuneMagazine: There's only one way out of this tepid economy.""""@catcrazy71: @realDonaldTrump your mother was such a pretty lady!"" True, considered a great beauty-thanks.""""@mmanoff: @realDonaldTrump What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA?"" Just sit tight-thanks!""""@zionslion777: @realDonaldTrump It would be an honor to our nation if you would be our President!"" Thank you for your confidence!"Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history."""@stantheman74: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump, sir, you are a living legend and a living role model, please keep the amazing work up.""So nice!"Can’t wait for @DylanByers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC, 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG, .55 25-54  2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG, .47 25-54My interview with @ThisWeekABC w/@GStephanopoulos destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewers...that’s why they want me on!“Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes, ‘You Are The Message,’@FoxNews@carlotalorenabr Thanks..@GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP – ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.@KeithJMcConnell @MacMiller  Thanks."@dannydamico67  ""@realDonaldTrump may not agree with your political stance, but your golf courses are unreal""  Thx (I think)"@WeekendInParis @TrumpNewYork  Great!@ShawnaTova @lovemyklr So nice, thanks!@amieburton2010 @Tommyguns11 Thanks Amie.Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom, Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!"Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic"" is a truly great &amp, important book."@Show5783  Who knows?@kelseyalxandraa  Thanks Kelsey.@Drew4Diamond  Thanks.@DanScavino @MacMiller  Thanks Dan.740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings."@RyneCPL   ""@realDonaldTrump Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal.  Awesome book w/ great insight!"" Thanks, good luck."@amp_abirpatel  Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump &amp, @theRealKiyosaki"""@SharonDepp: @realDonaldTrump Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic &amp, Beautiful &amp, Very Smart :DDD Kisses""  True!"@lcamp34  Thanks."""@IND_Colts_Fan: @realDonaldTrump if President, what would be your 1st order of business?""Terminate Obamacare!""""@Caleb_Watson: @realDonaldTrump never actually considered running for President. All a publicity stunt #GoodBusinessMove WRONG!""""@candla: @realDonaldTrump We all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone""  Ours answers only to Michelle!""""@lovemyklr: @ShawnaTova @realDonaldTrump she did good. Trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. Just like Reagan."@ShawnaTova  Very nice, thanks."""@TheBigOffice: When Donald Trump talks, people listen. @realDonaldTrump"" So true!"@CarlCICahn Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)@GregMazares  My honor, thanks!@realDonaldTrump  Thanks!@Timc1021 Thanks!@garrendj Thanks!@justingodfrey Great!"""@Tommyguns11: @realDonaldTrump stop talking and run in 2016! If your name is on that ballot, you've go my vote! #MakeItHappen #FixAmerica""""""@therealHamzeh: Went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me @realDonaldTrump everything #CountOnTrump"" Great, have fun!"@PeteRose_14 Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!@AlfiraAzzahra Great picture, say hello!"""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Clear path to WH in '16. Americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in CULTURE. U R only1""""@txbpd: @realDonaldTrump just caught your interview on @gretawire on my DVR. Always love hearing you speak!"" Thanks!"Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything, a record.Don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp, fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion@Randirobics Great, good luck!“When your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – Midas Touch"Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it ""tuff""!"Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS"""@GetKraven: @realDonaldTrump sir, you would have my vote 100% guaranteed if you decided to show these DemoRATS how to run this country.""""""@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!""""@carlotalorenabr: The fact that @realDonaldTrump is considering a presidential run makes me so excited""""""@GarryKennedy: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!""  Thank you.""""@Chad_Williams91: @realDonaldTrump if you're president , I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hired""  Thanks!""""@Americanwoman00: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!""""@MysticWolf12001: @realDonaldTrump C'mon, you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton""""""@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!""""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @Vinny_Titone I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump""""""@Vinny_Titone: If @realdonaldtrump runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat,""""@AleRdzCuevas: @realDonaldTrump you should be the President of MY country, Mexico.""  I better learn Spanish very fast!"“If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.” - David OgilvyObama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?Re @TWC TimeWarner, I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous!I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?The Patch, a total loser for @AOL, will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at “stupid” Armstrong!Congrats to @mboyle1 of @BreitbartNews  for exposing Jason Linkins of @HuffingtonPost as a lightweight dope who gives false information.@RoyalStr8tFlush  Wow, good competition!Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!@JTFoxx @HuffingtonPost  I agree--@HuffingtonPost is going down with @AOL and Patch &amp, @ariannahuff hates Tim Armstrong."@jwhurter  ""@realDonaldTrump Are your ties available in South Africa?""  You can order them online @Macys.com"@BlazeBluntsky Thanks.@FlyinOSUBuckeye @comfynumb2012 @ForQ2 So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl, Warren, etc.@Andrew_Patrick @DCGovWeb @DCGovTwit  Deal done--too late dopey!"@coffeepleaseAM ""@realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you.""  Thanks Amy.""@AKA_Wilhelm   ""@realDonaldTrump hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodel,and I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)""  Thanks!"@rogergreig  Thanks.Good.morning, I'm going to work!"""@TheRealBlakeHo: Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. #CEO""""""@zander_humes: Wish Donald Trump didn't stop running for president.""  So do I!""""@sayylalalaselah: #confessionnight I want to one day slap Donald trump in the face""  BUT REMEMBER, DUMMY, HE HITS BACK REALLY HARD!""""@FemiAdebanji: I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. – Donald Trump""""""@AnneLewisChicag: Fool Donald Trump once, shame on you. Fool Donald Trump twice... well, you can’t fool him a second time!""""@samvuko: Mac Miller has one good song &amp, its ""Donald Trump"" &amp, its really just the beat that's cool.""  AND THE NAME!""""@D_Raww16: Donald Trump is his only good song in my opinion""  EXCEPT FOR HIS DONALD TRUMP SONG, LITTLE MAC MILLER'S MUSIC SUCKS!""""@pencey_mouth: remember when donald trump blocked me. i'm proud of myself""  NO, YOU'RE A LOSER!""""@MrNiceeWatch: Buying Egyptian cotton covers and Silk sheets for my Donald Trump Serta King size bed first thing tomorrow.!""  #1 BED-SERTA!""""@CatsPolitics: Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT @Slate:  ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!""""@riggs_deb: @realDonaldTrump My hubby just said you're his 2016 pick. I told him to get in line. I picked you first. #Trump2016""  Adorable!""""@markhansen295: @realDonaldTrump save us Mr Trump 2016""  Do not fear!""""@PHLBaseballNsdr: .@realDonaldTrump @ForeverMcIn I'm voting for you whether you officially run or not! Trump for Prez and Christie for VP.""""""@rmt834: @realDonaldTrump America needs a businessman to run the country,not a politician with zero business acumen.""""""@ZDavi14: @realDonaldTrump is too smart. He's the real deal. #RoleModel. Love ya man!""  You sound great!""""@LordKaa213: @realDonaldTrump I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special""""""@Nautilus916: @realDonaldTrump @k_monchk What could Donald possibly say that Romney, McCain, Santorum, Palin, and Bachmann haven't""  PLENTY""""@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrump""  We will see, thanks!"Not only is @Toure a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!"""@Omaha_Tiger: @realDonaldTrump - how do you deal with idiots on daily basis?""  Ignore them.""""@k_monchk: #Obama!! Is gonna knock @realDonaldTrump to the ground on a debate.""  He woild.have no chance -lets go!""""@DrVinayChopra: @realDonaldTrump I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? :) I heard you are an amazing golfer!""  TRUE!""""@me2palas1yap: @realDonaldTrump @Naplessun4664 i got dollars on Trump.""""@scubapoet: Hell, reality gets under his skin. :D RT @Toure: I think @realDonaldTrump blocked me."" True, because you're a boring racist!""""@Naplessun4664: @realDonaldTrump ...maybe you will be debating Hillary!""  Maybe!""""@TruckerSamF: @realDonaldTrump @NickTryIt @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost Arianna has 1.3 million followers""  Trump is new and has 2.3 million""""@maximusreign: @realDonaldTrump @NickTryIt @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost Michael Moore likes her #Trump2016""""""@CBauer71: I would pay to see @realDonaldTrump debate #Obama!!""  OK with me!""""@NickTryIt: @realDonaldTrump @ariannahuff Is @HuffingtonPost even regarded as a valid source of information.. By anyone??""  NO!""""@39caroline: @realDonaldTrump @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff all good cos I dont read huffington post. Its garbage"" It is failing badly!""""@LadyGaydar: @realDonaldTrump you are an important person that's why @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff can't stop talking about you.""""""@lefthandedrant: @realDonaldTrump @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey!"@ariannahuff, I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?The failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL."@MoFarber  ""@realDonaldTrump I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!"" Great!"@sonnset2  He knows the best place!@PartylikeRlove1 A long time ago, thanks.@Timm_Martin I understand, thanks."""Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you."" - Think Like a Champion""@stingluver   ""@realDonaldTrump my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!"" Thank you Logan and Erin.""@jodiyilek  ""@realDonaldTrump you have my vote! ★★★★★""  Thanks."@mjayshilling  Thanks.@Sam_Rellim So true--thanks.Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!“Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire@MatthewSmales1 Thank you!"""@texas4: @realdonaldtrump great speech in Iowa"" Thank you, it was fun!""""@duqVille: hey @realDonaldTrump i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc.""  Thanks!""""@RonnaKirkland: @realDonaldTrump Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them."" @ericbolling is this so?""""@LinFlies: @realDonaldTrump @KevinMartinRI We need you in the White House Trump!""  Thank you!""""@liztemkin: .@realDonaldTrump called here in LA, prepaid 2 mos w/out a discount yet for SHO &amp, TMC, got my bill reduced by $59/mo +credit."I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How  .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?"""@cobra4748: @realDonaldTrump You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great"@jonkarl - very fair interview!"""@DTomback: @realDonaldTrump : Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media.""""""@Omaha_Tiger: @realDonaldTrump just saw you on @ThisWeekABC - absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US.""""""@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump @theFAMiLYLEADER just saw last nights speech via DesMoines Register - was amazing Mr. Trump!  Thanks Dan!"@tayloroftexas So nice, good morning!@theFAMiLYLEADER  Thank you, I had an amazing time!@eboy12318 Thanks!"""@TheNickSutton: .@realDonaldTrump great job during your interview on @ThisWeekABC! This country needs you.""  Thank you!"@michaelfrench52  Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!@charleslfreemn  My finances have been totally filed dummy!@theFAMiLYLEADER It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!@ThisWeekABC  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy@ThisWeekABC I enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-I only hope it is fairly edited!@not_that_actor Very interesting!!!"""@DEN_RG: Where's @realDonaldTrump this Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!""  I agree 100% - and thanks!"@alikilmartin. Stay tuned!"""@izakstrauss: @realDonaldTrump I bought a shirt two years ago while visiting NY, still receiving compliments!! Love it!!""  Thanks!"Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” -   General George S. PattonEliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record.Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannelFirst Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines..@AlexSalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotland’s throat –he's hated for it.If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp, they may not be reliable.In the latest poll, Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter..@AScottPGA  Really solid playing--keep going!.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you!@aa_newey  Thanks.@Austin_Bighurt @IvankaTrump  When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels."@BillKicklighter   ""Made sure to visit @TrumpTowerNY during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done @realDonaldTrump!""  Thanks."@augustskaro @MONIKAKOVACS @JasonDolan Only some!"@masov40  ""@ryanjorde @realDonaldTrump money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems"" Wrong!"Sleepy eyes @chucktodd, when looking at my financial filings, should’ve said “Great job Mr. Trump, Sir.”Doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.Sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing @ThisWeekABC."@MattyD859  ""@realDonaldTrump. @BillRancic Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!""  Bill is a terrific guy!"@SmuMom54 He should meet him &amp, beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen.@NY2DC_N_BACK @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Wrong, Piers is smart &amp, tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal!"""@brodie7878: @realDonaldTrump @arcuate We will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years."""Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole."""@arcuate: dude that's freaking cool as heck RT @realDonaldTrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs""""@big1john: @realDonaldTrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.""""@InNovember2012: @realDonaldTrump I would prefer a Trump/Giuliani ticket, but a Trump/Anyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious."@showtimeshelby Thanks@mjobrey27 66@TLoUTEngineer  Thanks."""@Jackclemens1: @realDonaldTrump I met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. Thsnks."@jake_grimes Thanks.@ClemensIsland13 Have a great time-happy birthday!@ChrisStackStacy Thanks."""@JTFoxx: @alex_leventis @realDonaldTrump in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example!"" I am the BEST,thx"@scottlara1961 Have a Happy Birthday."""@kyleraccio: @KyleMcCall4 Thank you. @realDonaldTrump warned for a year now about windfarms - Salmond is a moron""""""@kyleraccio: Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct, but it's the truth."@KyleMcCall4 So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shirts are sold @Macys.comBeing true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch“It’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.” – Think Like a Champion"@MaxKnowsAll ""@realDonaldTrump England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please?"" Check out @Macys.com"@TheBarkerBaker Great, go get 'em!@blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp, is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter."@LKR_Fan24 ""Hey @realDonaldTrump visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel."" Thanks!"@DavidPerez728 @TrumpLasVegas  Great!"""@GusMan2013: @realDonaldTrump @TraceAdkins dream team for president/ vice president ticket 2016. Make it happen!""  I am proud of Trace!""""@McLeanGolf: Drove around the new ""Blue Monster"" again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!""""@WinPropP: @UrplePingo My favorite person on twitter is @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks!"@sjohnstonefilm Thank you!"""Patience is the greatest of all virtues."" -- Cato""""Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you."" --Think Big"“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone@flowergirl56 Thanks.@pikedagger1868 Keep your chin up, keep going.@GeorgePTransue @BW @trumpwinery @EricTrump  Thank you.@bradleymenglin Good luck!@marc_soler1  My honor!Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...@GodfreyGR  Thanks Ian.@GovMikeHuckabee Great being on your show--see you soon!@tvmario  Thanks!@DJKelly78  Thank you.@firdousalidr Have fun!The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.@Rudmania20  Happy Birthday Shane."""@ilerios97: @realDonaldTrump SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!""  Thanks,best in Chicago!""""@Lisa_goforth: @realDonaldTrump. Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels.""""""@alexsiminoff: @realDonaldTrump is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time.""  Thanks!""""@MikeT_CT: Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT ""@realDonaldTrump: A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!"@RachelYohee HI!@KelBug99 HI!Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!"""@JAGOfficial: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.""""@GoHarderFitness: @realDonaldTrump Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!""  Enjoy!"@Mikeveltman Good luck again!@Deneetro  Happy birthday!"""By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail."" --Benjamin Franklin"@DianeJackson9 If you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.@Randirobics  Yes, it will be amazing.@BrianRyback Thank you Brian and good luck.“Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion“I’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – Midas Touch@DanielHR27 Thanks!@cloverc8 Great!"""You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.""Albert Einstein""""Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.""Thomas A. Edison"@J4K9FLATLEY Thanks Jake.Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!@__Bolt That could happen, he is terrific!"""@maggie101956: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!"""@green_i4u  Thank you!"""@ThePhantomNJ: @pgahistorybug How sick is @realDonaldTrump 's @TrumpGolfDC ? Maybe a future @PGAChampionship or @usopengolf in 5 yrs""""""@Desiree_Barela: ""You're making deals with non-deal-makers."" @realDonaldTrump on the U.S. government.""  And that is a real problem!"@RobRosales1 Thank you Rob!"""@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Great interview!""  Thanks!"@MdsdadDotson Thanks Michelle!@gretawire Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!"""@MikeLaJnyc: @realDonaldTrump spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!"""The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!"""Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.""--Mark Twain"@DavyMac_1972  Thanks!Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times &amp, great memories.@DianeJackson9 Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.@DianeJackson9 @anniehepburn Thanks."OmikronDreamer   ""@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?""  Yes."@AustinSaysThat  Great!"@FredrikEklundNY ""Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the assignment!!!!! ❤""  Great job, Fredrik!""""What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals."" - Goethe""@tamilasami  The key word is ""yet."" Keep at it, never give up.""@Ronturner10 Pursue it starting today. ""Action  is the foundational key to all success.""Pablo  Picasso""""@tomuchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?""  With a little good guidance, great!"Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.@jeffgonyea The Art of the Deal.@Icallbullsh_t Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.  Thanks."""@liamvanvorhis: @realDonaldTrump @uglytunaosu is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500."@GallenofMilk13 Great going."""@EdmondShami: @realDonaldTrump just started reading your book #ThingBig, it's freaking amazing!""""""@daveperry71: My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel @realDonaldTrump to win the job! Go get it!"@noall Thank you!"""@lauren_boals: Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!""""@YouWantTheDJoe: Not gonna lie @realDonaldTrump is my idol""  Great!""""@thenanney67: @realDonaldTrump just stayed at Trump in Vegas and dined privately at DJT. FABULOUS!""""""@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season."""“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower@amyg2200 Happy Birthday!@MikeLoyaCenter  That's great!Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp, fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall."""If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and their esteem.""  Abraham Lincoln"For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shirts are sold @Macys.com@Nautilus916 @1986Fed  Wrong!"@jpickering1 ""@realDonaldTrump How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?"" Very soon!""""Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.""- Henry David Thoreau"@not_that_actor  I know!"""@pattygras: @realDonaldTrump staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing #Chicago #Trump""""""@hattakzots: @realDonaldTrump you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!"""Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!"""@robocosby: help me @realDonaldTrump I am depressed"". Keep your chin up!""""@bobbassman: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyolgin like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country?"" Really bad war""""@ctormes: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyolgin Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on?"" Yes, but we must move quickly!""""@Patrick_Gibson: @realDonaldTrump country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald.""  I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!""""@anthonyolgin: .@realDonaldTrump do u ever get sad?""  Yes, when I look at what's happening to our Country!.""""@mhrynuik: @ashleymchandler - so cool that @realDonaldTrump and @JoelOsteen are twitter friends!!""  -And REAL friends, Joel is the BEST!"@JGrant_Realtor  Thank you!"""@healthy47: @realDonaldTrump @shelleysherwin Trump Soho is the best hotel.""  Thanks."@Nick_Botha  Thank you.@CompaqSstring3 Perhaps.Eliot better have a great pre-nup—I want to help Silda in her negotiation.People don’t know that Eliot’s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters.Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting."""If you don't do your part, don't blame God."" - Billy Sunday""@doug_barnard ""@realDonaldTrump You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvine""  Thanks!"It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.I am getting worried about Chris @hardball_chris Matthews.  Is he drinking again?Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular."@willeshirey ""@realDonaldTrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man""  Great.""@kaplunm   ""@realDonaldTrump thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?"" No respect for U.S. by Russia."@THETylerDeBoer @JoelOsteen  Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!I wonder who @ArsenioHall's first guest will be---- his show will be great!“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.” -  Norman Vincent Peale"When I jokingly said ""bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple"" because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp, losers had a field day!  Sad.""""@DurangoRick: @1986Fed ""Obama needs to listen to @realDonaldTrump"" - Nope, #Trump2016 must do it. Obama clueless &amp, in over his big head.""""""@ShellySrt0527: @realDonaldTrump what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?""  Great leadership!""""@JoelOsteen: Life is too short to hang around cynical people. Find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories.""""""@1986Fed: Obama needs to listen to @realDonaldTrump so we can turn things around economically !!""  So true, and it would be sooooo easy!"@The_Iron_Lad Conservative!"""@sabrinarose2012: @realDonaldTrump @Teresa_Giudice thanks Mr. Trump♡ we ♥ Teresa★ #RHONJ""  Say hello to Teresa-tell her to keep her chin up"@MEEDColin Yes, very soon.  Project will be amazing!"""@TullThomas: @realDonaldTrump Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it."" Thanks!""""@vicsecret2: @realDonaldTrump hi Don, what are your thoughts on Teresa Guidice????"" A really nice person-hopefully everything will work out"@glenda_goff Happy birthday Glenda!"""@shelleysherwin: @realDonaldTrump....Trump Soho...... You're brilliant!""  It has proven to be a great hotel....Thanks."@An3T Thanks.@rat4xmas Thanks Tim!@hugozepedatv Thank you.@Cancer_Champion  Thank you for those nice words!"""@anniehepburn: I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me! @realDonaldTrump ♥""  Thank you!"Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.Just like @Yankee organization, I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport."@Klassnik  ""i survive on bread, water and @realDonaldTrump's essential tweets""  Great!""@Wsutt  ""@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?""  Yes.""@sharonk720 ""@realDonaldTrump appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u.""  My honor."Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.@Irene1969 Have a great day.Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @SteveDeaceShow.  Steve is a terrific guy!"""Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it."" - @SenMikeLee"Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person."""@texan767: @realDonaldTrump that he even has any poll numbers is baffling.""  True!"@Based_Erc Thanks.Eric."""@BarryBnice: @realdonaldtrump Whose worse weiner or arod?"" Too close to call!"Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!@not_that_actor Thank you Andy!@lunaticial Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16."""@AronsArmy: @realDonaldTrump dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion"" Only by doing something that you love!"@JUrciuoli19 Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!@sgonzalez1964 Thanks Sonia.Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!"""@kata2bijak: You have to have BIG ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ Donald Trump""""""@kata2bijak: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump""""""@thequote: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. - Donald Trump"""@da1nonlyasulony Thank you so much Adam!"""Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement."" - Henry Ford"The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost@Oloch3  Thanks."""Trust in God and be true to yourself."" Mary MacLeod Trump""Know everything you can about what you're doing."" Fred C. Trump"The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp, flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.@tuserious854 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.@gfgpj @ThomRipley  Thanks!"@JacoboCasarez  ""@realDonaldTrump which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play?"" Hard to say--all are fantastic.""""@ThomRipley: I got some @realDonaldTrump ties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point.""""""@ekokurn: RT @realDonaldTrump: “Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi"""@Chef_KayyArrDee Wow--great! Thanks."@BaronToutenberg ""@realDonaldTrump What advice would you give @anthonyweiner 's wife Huma?"" Take off!""@JaminCoolJ ""@realDonaldTrump Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best?"" I'd better not say!"“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi@PIETIEV  Thanks!@chef2234 @Cloutsnchara Happy Birthday."@aprilpole  ""@realDonaldTrump I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you""  Thanks."I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.@TrumpDoral @RealJoeBrady It will really be amazing when complete.@MKasun Thanks."@MontoyaMania  ""a good 75% of @realDonaldTrump 's tweets get favorited"" Great!"@euanhay You can have a round on me!"""Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success."" - A. Schweitzer""@Deelaney31 ""@realDonaldTrump Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success?"" I love what I do."Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface."""@BBKdayspa: @realDonaldTrump: I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki."""@RonaldFasshauer True!"""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump @karenh129 @kathykphillips What do you mean “IF” Donald ran!? If he doesn't run, we're sunk."""@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!"""@karenh129: @realDonaldTrump @kathykphillips if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate &amp, congress? It's leadership!""""@CantalupoA: @realDonaldTrump please tell me another apprentice is coming !!""  It is!""""@lazyj70: @realDonaldTrump @Maathewdavis beating China, and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.  Great!""""@kathykphillips: @realDonaldTrump ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!"@colinth21 Thanks Colin."""@Maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump if Mr. Trump runs for president, America will get back to beating china! Go trump!!""""""@sammy_abdel: @realDonaldTrump too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple""""""@sammy_abdel: @realDonaldTrump Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!""""""@MS_Landshark: @realDonaldTrump @AMuller65 No I can't say I see it, I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to Obama""Wrong""""@Twan_Da_Guy: @realDonaldTrump what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur?"" Come up with a great idea and then work your ass off""""@TheOtherRosie: @realDonaldTrump @kmcs1957 Do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president?  My kids!""""@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump @kmcs1957 You will get support, but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race.""""""@GabrielC1997: @realDonaldTrump @AMuller65 with @realDonaldTrump as president USA will be back on top""  True!""""@Meaghan08: @realDonaldTrump Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki, Hawaii. Tremendous service and menu! Mahalo!""""""@LebaneseMafia24: @realDonaldTrump there will come a day when everyone will say ""we should have listened to Donald Trump."" So true!""""@_olliesdaddy: @realDonaldTrump is there anyone that loves you more than yourself?"" Probably not!""""@Lakers305: @realDonaldTrump When is #TrumpNationalDoral scheduled to b completed? Can't wait 2 see da choppa in March"" Very soon!""""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump Really hoping NBC will officially announce renewal of show very soon! Apprentice is casting now-season 14.""""@AllenWronowski: @suzywhaley @ThePGAofAmerica @realDonaldTrump For the week, # for Junior PGA Championship is #2103JuniorPGA at Trump DC""""@kellypennett: “@jessrogo: The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinner” Thanks!""""@kmcs1957: @realDonaldTrump what One Thing would it take for you to run for President in 2016?""  Great support!""""@bobBhewitt: @realDonaldTrump Derek Jeter, what a return! He is the anti A-Rod, great leader. Have you met him?"" He is a Great guy!""""@AMuller65: @realDonaldTrump Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new &amp, capable leadership.""""@YadiraNASA: ""@cschlechta: @realDonaldTrump quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?  Tuesday for PGA""""@JUrciuoli19: Got word that Celebrity Apprentice has been picked up for another season! Its official!! Shooting next spring!""""@fam5rock: @realDonaldTrump #snowden not a traitor. Shared info with fellow Americans who have a right to know about NSA snooping"" Bullshit""""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump when does Apprentice finish casting?"" We are casting now-some great people!""""@TJTintMan: @realDonaldTrump Got engaged at @TrumpChicago . Staff has been amazing! Glad we could have our special day here. Beautiful!""""@DuncanHughes62: @realDonaldTrump the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true"@RealSonnyNewman  They are laughing.@vin7768 Thank you-work hard and good luck."The U.S. is now ""begging"" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!""""@CBrock14: @realDonaldTrump what do you think the best major to study in college is?"" Follow your dreams-study what you love!""""@mrrmart: @realDonaldTrump what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country?"" Find greatness and push to victory!""""@lindapct: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the WH?""  Will not be easy!"Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.Wacko pervert @AnthonyWeiner’s idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. He’s an insensitive racist."""@JohnTorcasio: @realDonaldTrump is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades.""  Incompetence""""@ryan211: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant?""  ME!""""@TWIWRadio: @realDonaldTrump Will we ever see Trump run in 2016? #AskDonaldTrump""""""@CBass7: @realDonaldTrump you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you, a true and honest man. I try!""""@GLOBOGUS: @realDonaldTrump You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless"" Thanks!""""@Gary_J_S: @realDonaldTrump Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?  With bad leadership it could happen!""""@asaadhutchinson: @realDonaldTrump #Scotland is so lovely, I understand your love for it.""""""@anniehepburn: @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Can't wait! What a beautiful project...you're amazing too, Ivanka. ♥""  So true!""""@StoraxBobac: @realDonaldTrump Remember when you were in the music video ""On Our Own"" from #Ghostbusters II? That was awesome.""  Yes!""""@Luke_Enns: ""@realDonaldTrump: “Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne"" Cant argue with the Duke.""""""@Andy_The_Twit: @realDonaldTrump When will Dubai be complete?"" Under construction now-completion in two years!""""@ZachKrantz: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait for tourney next March, always good to have you on with @JoeRoseShow before big tournament""""""@D_Harris24: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!""  Thanks!"The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!"""@DREARECINO: ""@FredrikEklundNY: Biggest name in real estate! @realDonaldTrump"" ICON!""Thanks!""""@shelby_morgan12: I feel like @realDonaldTrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country"Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!“Learn to think continentally.” - Alexander HamiltonIn beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential."@MikeMcHale09 ""@realDonaldTrump Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?"" Yes.""@purplerapezebra   ""@realDonaldTrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days."" And I have stock"@Dawson304  True!"@cccabrera10   ""@realDonaldTrump reading The Midas Touch now, what an amazing source of good information.""  Thanks."“There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.” -  Bobby Orr"""@shelby_morgan12: I feel like @realDonaldTrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country""""@EdnaBateman: ""You have to get people wanting to work again, and that's not what's happening in this country."" @realDonaldTrump""""@quinton_west: @amyjwood that's because @realDonaldTrump IS THE MAN.""  Thanks!"@leaheary  Thanks."""@StanMorris: @realDonaldTrump I've never liked Danny Zuker. Notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! He has no power over jobs""""@jsheehangolf: @realDonaldTrump and @oreillyfactor need to run this country. It's not rocket science...ps can't wait to see Doral!"@DanScavino Great!"""@EdnaBateman: ""...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock."" @realDonaldTrump #Truth"""I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp, dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!"""@alanzaniewski: @realDonaldTrump this is the best vine ever!!! @anthonyweiner""  Thank you-another daily change to technology!""""@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump @CraftMonroe if @DannyZuker is irrelevant why did you block him?  Because he is irrelevant (also, boring)!""""@chiIIdog: @realDonaldTrump ten years ago, we had steve jobs, bob hope, and johnny cash. now, we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.""""""Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are."" - Midas Touch"Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp, apology!I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward."@prisih91 ""In love with The best book that i ever read ! @realDonaldTrump ""why we want you to be rich"" and Robert kiyosaki""""@SonsofReagan   ""@realDonaldTrump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!"""Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.@samaraOMGharper  Thanks.@ACmeansBusiness Thanks."@stevenfarris   ""@realDonaldTrump Great interview with Greta!  ""America has lost incentive!"" ""  Thanks and true."We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.""".@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt,&gt,&gt, to be the black @realDonaldTrump 4real"".Great Dean, and you will make it!"“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John WayneMore and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?"""@Jess_Wiliem98: @realDonaldTrump I really love reading your books. You should write more books!""  Thanks!""""@barnard_sonja: @realDonaldTrump I wish I had your confidence!""  WIN, WIN, WIN and you will develop great confidence!""""@ReZ_Boom: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president I would so support him!""Thanks Grady!""""@AdanTheDon: @realDonaldTrump What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???""  Tough deal but can be licked-AA.""""@harkiret: @realDonaldTrump I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader"" Thank you!""""@AdrianDemers: @realDonaldTrump if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?""  Not very long!""""@therickyjones: @realDonaldTrump do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?""  Absolutely!""""@abbasjaf: @realDonaldTrump well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice."" They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers""""@3valuedlogic: @realDonaldTrump the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.""""@BritniMacchia: @realDonaldTrump Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!""  Very soon!""""@jcalcat: @realDonaldTrump give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you"" Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!"Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move"""@AJZnidarsic: @realDonaldTrump when will Charlotte see ""Trump"" as part of the skyline?""  Already have a great job there, Trump National.""""@AdamOgdenCEO: @realDonaldTrump you are always on point with your comments! always real."" Thank you Adam.""""@TheCanta: @realDonaldTrump Will next @WrestleMania be #trumped? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!"Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!@JMHPolitics  True!"""@DStandridge92: @realDonaldTrump family is the US version of the Royal family!"" No, but thank you so much!""""@HeyMACCC: I feel like the only people who hate @realDonaldTrump are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is.""""""@chinnis_28: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 only one I can think of to fix this spending problem.""""""@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @jsheehangolf I bet if he were running this country, we wouldn't be in this mess!!""True-great again!""""@WaltsPrincesss: @realDonaldTrump @RyanRMiner @Rosie She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener a/k/a Carlos Danger...We then agree on something""""@alexmoose454_: @realDonaldTrump SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!""""""@ryan_moy: @realDonaldTrump I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!""""""@Its_FatTony: @realDonaldTrump how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?""  With GREAT.leadership it is easy!""""@TommyfromMalden: @realDonaldTrump Big fan Mr. Trump, you're Howard's most honest guest. TRUMP 2016 !"" Always fun to do Howard's show.""""@lalatweetface: @realDonaldTrump we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again"""@mikeymexico  Thsnk you."""@shaun_landi: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!""  True!""""@Full76: @realDonaldTrump Wonderful job ""On the Record""! I think you are tops!""""""@debitking: @realDonaldTrump : I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy.""""""@cphily4u: @realDonaldTrump ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!""""""@T_Craig44: ""They don't have the incentive to move forward""-@realDonaldTrump literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen""""""@ChadMLadwig: @realDonaldTrump Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016""""""@missADelgado: ""He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion."" - @realDonaldTrump pulling no punches re: Weiner (#GretaWire)""""""@jsheehangolf: Why is @realDonaldTrump not running this country??? He is a genius and gets it."""@3girlsandDTrain Just amazing!Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!"""@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump cant wait one of the best shows on tv""  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!""""@RyanRMiner: @realDonaldTrump Is your fued with @Rosie over?""  No, it will never end, but she has become totally irrelevant!"@lucasnahn Thanks."""@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump Danny Zuker is irrelevant.""  So true!""""@dellLucky13: @realDonaldTrump Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.""""@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump any news on a new celebrity apprentice?""  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!""""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Is your war with @DannyZuker over with?""  Who is Danny Zuker?""""@Ravens4life27: I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet from @realDonaldTrump for my birthday... that would be awesome!""""""@ptcurtis: @realDonaldTrump Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?""  In this crazy World, anything is possible!""""@Criss_Pena: @realDonaldTrump will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!""  So true!""""@RachSolo7: I want to be just like @realDonaldTrump when I grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresident""  Go for it!""""@calebjofficial: @realDonaldTrump your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!""  Thanks, we can all use the prayers""""@Erita234: @realDonaldTrump I really do respect your views as a republican!""  Great.""""@Dursonator: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero""  Thank you!""""@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump @paul4prolife You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life"" Thanks.""""@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump You were very right about Weiner as always.""""""@cr7oned: @realDonaldTrump people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens me""  Thank you, and Wiener will do it again!""""@Azhar__Siddique: @realDonaldTrump How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBig""  Yes, big plans!""""@MattAstro: wish they'd name the royal baby after @realDonaldTrump""  Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!""""@paul4prolife: @realdonaldtrump Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance"" Thank you!""""@FollowHeidi: @realDonaldTrump every major city in the world has one of your buildings, correct? The more I travel, the more I see...""""""@Dskoon152_part2: Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you ! @realDonaldTrump"" Yes, but she is very happy!""""@jshamie: @realDonaldTrump Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?"""I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M."""@MexicoIndie: @realDonaldTrump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say, everything would be better""""""@VOIPDATA: How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ? ""@realDonaldTrump: On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!"""" Eliot is also sick!""""@JosephMouser: @realDonaldTrump get it right its carlos danger"" Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!""""@JerzFukc: Honestly @realDonaldTrump been one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him""""""@aarnold1877: @Letti4U @realDonaldTrump he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal.""""""@rspnp0712: @realDonaldTrump you for President!""  Thanks.""""@makenzie_means: I remember when @realDonaldTrump said #AnthonyWeiner would do this again! Love it!""""""@exclusivelyDee: @realDonaldTrump I mean really ... Weiner &amp, Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!""""@A_manAdrian: @realDonaldTrump Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical &amp, to the point !""  Thanks!""""@Kev1009: @realDonaldTrump are you building a Condo in Manila, Philippines? If so, should I invest?""  YES-YES.""""@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!""  Great!"On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!"""@nickwvaughn: All I'm asking is for @realDonaldTrump to tweet me.""""""@Menasseu: @realDonaldTrump I'll be richer than you when I reach your age! #DreamBig""  GREAT, go for it!""""@pmpatl: @realDonaldTrump You need to run in 2016!!!""  Thanks."@presidentstevie Not when you are running for Mayor!"""@kimekime19: @realDonaldTrump people will someday listen to you""  I hope it's not too late!""""@Sensa328: @realDonaldTrump @realJamesScott I can't believe that in 1 week I heavily agree with you again....yikes!"" Isn't it amazing?""""@ANBMJB: @realDonaldTrump You have so much confidence. Have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own"" WIN!"As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure"""@realJamesScott: @realDonaldTrump what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference?"" Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!"I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm"@jeffldye   ""@realDonaldTrump Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links."" Thanks.""@rexrode_lisa  ""@realDonaldTrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted"" Dated. No, that's talent."@sepamu @rainnwilson Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc."@StephenDoody3  ""@realDonaldTrump Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?""  No."“To be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.” – Think Like a Billionaire.@AROD is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.Phil Mickelson’s final 66 round in @The_Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp, a great guy!"@YashKandhari   ""@realDonaldTrump I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational &amp, inspiring. Thank you so much"" Thank you."@ashleyemom23 Happy Birthday!"ginrnnr2   ""@realDonaldTrump ...is China economy in a ""bubble""?""  Only if we want it to be!"@ScottFerrall  Thanks.@RickyMadsen @HeidiMads @Oprah Happy Anniversary Heidi!If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation."""Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character."" --Albert Einstein"Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over."""@ourjuicejourney: @realDonaldTrump plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!""  Thanks for the confidence!"Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!"""@1_Car_Guy: @realDonaldTrump Uhm, weren't you one of the voices supporting Bush's invasion of Iraq?""  No""""@poppjoe: @realDonaldTrump I've been to Shanghai airport and its amazing. We are 3rd world , no direction from our president. SAD"""@Page08 True!"China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their ""freedom"". Our leaders are so stupid!"500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed"""@geoff911: @realDonaldTrump #theartofthedeal changed my life. Thank you.""  Great.""""@Freeman_Gadsden: @realDonaldTrump @QQueenLLouise anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television""  Thanks.""""@Christineinsatx: @realDonaldTrump Morning Donald, from Texas, The Longhorn State. God Bless You.""  Texas is GREAT!""""@QQueenLLouise: @realDonaldTrump They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!""  No, 7.00 is the best time for morning television.""""@MikePicardi101: @realDonaldTrump I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!"""@not_that_actor A terrible situation.Will be on Fox &amp, Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M."""@Sofia_Mozek: Why @realDonaldTrump isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me.""""""@EricaBigelow: I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that @realDonaldTrump is on the ballot.""""@MissUniversNEWS: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU""  Thanks, and keep up the great work-on to Moscow."@Erikjhalvorsen Yes!"""@barrman: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016"" Thanks!""""@bufordta2003: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president, he is what our country needs to get or economy going""  Thanks!"Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!"""@CPartridge11: @realDonaldTrump You're my role model ever since 6th grade"" .Work hard Clay.""""@quickerwit: When @realDonaldTrump speaks people should listen.""  Thanks.""""@madkins79: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald, we love you in Florida!""  Florida is great!""""@JosiahJames17: Need more people like @realDonaldTrump in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things.""""""@SeanMcQuade: @Acliffe @realDonaldTrump jealous of his success ?""  Sean, don't waste your time on these losers-they have nothing going!""""@jimmy_mac1964: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president.. We need a true leader... This country needs a Trump makeover.""""""@james0479: @realDonaldTrump Gotta say #Apprentice is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programming""  Thanks.""""@Graciferia: @realDonaldTrump I think you are great. Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice starts again! Best show on TV!""  Thanks!""""@TheAhmadHassan: @realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love them""  Thank you!"“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think BigOur GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.Some good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp, that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released.@coolioneal  Thanks.@tmWood8 @FoxNews Thanks.".@AS_ScienceGuy ""@realDonaldTrump Thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks Great new breakthroughs."" Fantastic!"@jeff__miller  Thanks.@CleoVienRayTaba Could happen.Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart, brighter days are ahead..@AndreaTantaros’s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, &amp, great sense of humor. Congratulations."@YashKandhari   ""@realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot"" Thank you."@MGSeneca He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy."""If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy."" - Dale Carnegie"@elbatata_ok The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.@jdaddy98  Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp, problems solved.“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big"""I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be."" - Ken Venturi"Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!"""@Michael__Farkas: @realDonaldTrump can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?"""For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!@JoselynMartinez  Thank you Joselyn.I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight, interview with Bill O'Reilly, on @FoxNews at 8 p.m., repeated at 11 p.m.“Labor disgraces no man, unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant@cloverc8  Thanks.@algiers4 Thanks--say hi to Mikey.“One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.” - Art of the Deal@thompson_dustin The Art of the Deal.“The most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis@vinceritch Thanks."@TrumpPhillyGM ""@realDonaldTrump You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you!"" Thanks!"The Fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.Congratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!".@youngmman ""@realDonaldTrump Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope."" Wrong on Barron!"Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits.@rhino848484 My honor..@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?"""Time is on your side, things do not continue downward forever."" - Think Big""""Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success."" ― Conrad Hilton""""@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?""  Boycott &amp, cancel subscriptions.""""@PolitiGal2012: Hey @realDonaldTrump how come no #globalwarming #climatechange talk this week?"" Heat 10 years ago was far worse!"Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution"""@DeborahNorville: It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. Tnx @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you D"Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!"""@DillsMama13: @realDonaldTrump What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!""""@Paulaj65: @RealJobeTalk @realDonaldTrump If u hate Mr Trump, why r u following/commenting on him? I'm a big fan of his!!!""""""@JeremyHL: @realDonaldTrump - Your #Chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #ThankYou""  Thanks""""@cameroon1974: @realDonaldTrump so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouver,Canada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome""""@VINnipuncture: @realDonaldTrump I hope you will include @MariaSharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow""""Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities"" - Think Like a Champion"The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on..@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line, it stands!.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp, then get a @RollingStone cover.@B3kz0r  Many people agree!@Preppermeister @EastsideRJ  Thanks..@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!@CMCoe Have fun!@francaselles  Thank you.Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved."@PRGirl817   ""Way to go @realDonaldTrump for the big donation to the #VAuction""  Thanks."@JocelynClervil @ESPN_Colin  Thanks.@espnradio My great honor!@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!@lakotadlustig  Good luck!@ShawnWHughes  Thanks.@FunnyJS Great, thanks!"@koneslager ""@realDonaldTrump - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book"" Thx."@dolla1125 It's the sense of achievement along the way."@Terrell87               ""@realDonaldTrump I read your book: ""Trump 101 The Way to Success"" and I absolutely love it."" Thanks, good luck!"@Pliztef  I like being nice to people.@BrikMillerEDG You will love it!"@owenkopitekavan               ""@realDonaldTrump I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it..."" Thanks and good luck."@dszippit Very nice question, thank you Danny.Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort."""Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.""  Dale Carnegie""""@J4K9FLATLEY: @realDonaldTrump can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice""""""@IMUNCIRCUM5IZED: @Bman2095 my heroes are either @realDonaldTrump or @mark_wahlberg""  Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).""""@aerith1: .@piersmorgan .@realDonaldTrump I will be watching .@Lord_Sugar tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!"@VINnipuncture Great idea, I will ask her!"""@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump Whose your MVP?""  Mariano."American league wins!@RussellCochran Thanks."""@DatDudeHead: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016""  True.""""@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?""Tiger, Phil, Ernie or Justin Rose.""""@Alejandro12386: @realDonaldTrump How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book.""""""@humberto1731: @realDonaldTrump Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too..""  Totally."@carlosbeltran15   Great job-you are a terrific player!"""@aatl5112012: @realDonaldTrump please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #TRUMP4PRES"""@JMonaski1 Sad!"""@Ben24h: @realDonaldTrump what do you think about Mike Trout?""  One of best young players EVER!""""@ynotgolfguy: @realDonaldTrump Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry.""I wish""""@chillychillman: @kieronfowler @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend"" Very nice!""""@MarkAcay: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelKaye_3 @foxandfriends All red necks &amp, bigots.""  Actually very smart &amp, a terrific public service-truth!"@markodero32   Interesting."""@yet_another_day: @realDonaldTrump now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight?"" American"@Polatseck Thanks!"""@ClareAurelio: @realDonaldTrump @Gamecockmtm1967 Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!""  Perhaps so, not good!"Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - Muhammad Ali"""@DaveEtzler @realDonaldTrump Love your ties at Macy's. Receive many compliments."" -- Thanks, they are amazing!"@MysticWolf12001 Thanks."@IRideMarta:                     ""@realDonaldTrump please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect"" Thanks."@jonyeong Don't be a fool.Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.@AustinSaysThat True!@JesusSoGameeer I promise.@ugolf_ross Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!@ajshaw1003 Great!@ADuanePotter Do not give up--you will make it!@not_that_actor  Interesting!Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!“Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You’ll absolutely need them.” – Midas Touch".@ArceePalabrica @realDonaldTrump ""Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge"""“Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big@Sandy070707 Thanks.@menyhoffman Great and thanks.@John_Monteforte  Thank you.@underworldfilms Thank you!@trace_barden Good luck.Had a great time on @IngrahamAngle this morning.I am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovieJust found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton, my portrait by artist William Quigley topped  list at $60K“A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch"""@JakeNGarman: @realDonaldTrump Your buildings were used in Tower Heist &amp, The Dark Knight Rises, are they in any other movies?""  Many!"@pixxxxxiedust Yes Danielle, a great chance."""@yet_another_day: @realDonaldTrump Who's your Home Run Derby winner?""  Perhaps Davis!""""@MichaelKaye_3: @foxandfriends on Monday mornings is my favorite because of @realDonaldTrump""  They are great people!""""@Gamecockmtm1967: @realDonaldTrump please don't tease us again..run in 2016.....PLEASE""  I never tease--but thanks!""""@Sharky_88: @realDonaldTrump I wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. Wish you would run!"Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a ChampionNow A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.Be careful – sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?Eliot Spitzer’s illegal, frivolous &amp, over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again."""@milescstewart: @realDonaldTrump finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100%""""""@andre_c26: Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today, it's amazing. #nicejob @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks.""""@brooklynvd: @realDonaldTrump is my favourite person on twitter.""Thank you-my honor!""""@lorraine0914: @realDonaldTrump the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!""  Thanks L.""""@desktodesk7: @realDonaldTrump I'm hoping the history books read ""Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times"". Wow, very nice!""""@petey0715: Love him or hate him, you have to admire his genius and candor @realDonaldTrump. #keepingitreal.""  Thank you.""""@jbazkmorton: @realDonaldTrump. I find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016?""  Thank you."My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!"""@jomaraneta: @realDonaldTrump I'm a small business owner in nj..not easy, but you inspire me to try harder and be successful.. thank you..""""""@alyona_polishuk: @realDonaldTrump @JamesMattiske Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read.""""""@Jaytotheford: @realDonaldTrump how did you like espn 30/30 on USFL?""  A total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated DJT.""""@7girl2boyPerez: @realDonaldTrump Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump.""""""@_milfncookies: @realDonaldTrump I wanna do naughty things to u""  Emelie behave, I am not Eliot Spitzer.""""@luuuucy15_: @realDonaldTrump hey I really love you and you're awesome""  Thanks Lucy.""""@FreshWessyWes: @realDonaldTrump youre awesome!!!""  Thanks.""""@TroyMeaz: @realDonaldTrump america is falling apart! we need you""  True and true.""""@sammydc8: @realDonaldTrump The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..Oklahoma""  Not much.""""@JakePINZ: @realDonaldTrump is a damn GENIUS !"" Thank you.""""@ShawnWHughes: @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world.""""""@SScottlilly80: @realDonaldTrump Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now."" They do laugh!""""@pblomgren: @realDonaldTrump It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet""""""@FullForce098: @realDonaldTrump you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet.""  Great news!""""@JamesMattiske: @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you""  The haters are losers with no guts!""""@mariacapa123: @realDonaldTrump I don't understand why people hate you. It's crazy to me. People should look up to you."" They do!""""@gusdoes: @realDonaldTrump wisest of all reporters 👏""  Thank you!""""@BigDaddyD603: @realDonaldTrump first time I have ever agreed with you""  You must be kidding!""""@Eian_Bell: @realDonaldTrump i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case""  Thank you for being so nice!""""@KindofABD: Who would have guessed that @realDonaldTrump would be the smartest person on my news feed right now"" I was always the smartest!"@HelenPferdehirt Thanks HelenZimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice@fordbeautyqueen   Thanks."""@jacob_dotson: If you don't follow @realDonaldTrump you should probably just go home.""""""@Domc73: @realDonaldTrump how much money do u give to charity every year ???""  Lots!""""@kellygpiowa12: @realDonaldTrump @Elianism &gt,Im a woman...and I better see beauty at a beauty pageant!""""@HelenPferdehirt: It truly makes my day to read @realDonaldTrump 's tweet responses""""""@Scribe53: @realDonaldTrump @MGIFINC Agree about Rosie. Sad because she is very talented.""  Actually, she has got no talent at all-ZERO!""""@DJ_DFunk: Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump speak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!  Great.""""@ThatBoyFlyy: @realDonaldTrump 1 of the smartest people ever..business ICON""  Thanks.""""@MasonMugwire: @realDonaldTrump Would it kill you to have a little humility now and then?""  Probably!""""@MGIFINC: @realDonaldTrump --- Call Rosie O'Donnell to help you.""She can't help herself - she's sad, angry and pathetic!""""@PhilipinDC: I've finally unfollowed @realDonaldTrump""  I doubt it loser but, if so, you'll be back because you're lonely &amp, admire genius!"Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!"""@ComptonTyrone: “@realDonaldTrump: I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th""""@DBradleyRI: @realDonaldTrump upcoming Miss Universe location - Singapore -- I'm calling it now""  That could happen!""""@Elianism: @realDonaldTrump Oh my gosh, that is so sexist ...just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks.""  Isn't that terrible!""""@PageantWorld: ""@realDonaldTrump: Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?"" -with her beauty for sure she will ☺ @MissUSA""""""@EEpplin: @carterj1982 is getting married today and he's a huge fan! Can you give him a RT to celebrate? @realDonaldTrump"" Good luck!"@EvanSMSolutions   Good luck!"""@cakeladyconnie: @realDonaldTrump I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'""  They would not!"Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?"""@Mitchwa: @realDonaldTrump Agreed but why are you up so early. Hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morning""  Correct!""""@billy_douglas: @realDonaldTrump would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?""  With ease and get nothing for it!"I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders."""@Stinger_Inc: @realDonaldTrump Would you ever return to Toronto? You're very much respected by all over here (including myself)"" Great City""""@rsims16: @realDonaldTrump you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top""""@Adam_Genato: @realDonaldTrump are there plans to bring miss universe in Manila, Philippines soon?""  Could happen, great place to be!""""@sergiohed: @realDonaldTrump hey, bring miss universe back to brazil again!""  That will happen, next up Moscow-November 9.""""@StanMorris: @realDonaldTrump Your books, especially The Art of the Deal, are masterpieces in business literature. I'm a fan, sir. Thanks.""""@UmerRizwan2: @realDonaldTrump Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa, Ontario ?""  Hello Umer, you sound like a great guy!""""@MrPerfect4: @realDonaldTrump how come u only reply to compliments?""  Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.""""@TTmilano: When they ask me... Who is your role model? I proudly tell them its Mr @realDonaldTrump, Sir what u have achieved is a dream. T""""@Adw5Weber: @realDonaldTrump thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!""  Great.""""@chrisinspfld: @realDonaldTrump @Nate_StuLLeR didn't you have some apartments in Cincinnati at 24?""  Yes.""""@jannyp70: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits!"" Just profits"@rockster62   Wow!@leighton_chris   Thanks."""@UltimateFrieza: @realDonaldTrump UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!""""""@mister_deleon: @realDonaldTrump You are a tough #SOB but you have been a game-changer for years. Much respect. Thank you !""""@phoneman98: @realDonaldTrump It's time for your @WWE return!!! When will you make it happen?""  Ask Vince, we have the all time record!"@jimdaniels_jd   Thanks."""@GreatBolter: @realDonaldTrump @Nate_StuLLeR You use leverage better than anyone!""  That's what they say!""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Sugar is so untalented!""  True, but he makes me money!"@anitanewell   Interesting."""@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump I went to Trump Scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. After you, bet she loved it!""""@Nate_StuLLeR: @realDonaldTrump what was your bank account lookin like at age 24?""  Not too great!""""@BoxyBate: @realDonaldTrump: Can I get a hello from a UK (England) fan?""  Hello!"@anitanewell   True!"""@Queenjess32: @realDonaldTrump you're awesome.""  I like you toooo-thanks!""""@tcasson21: @realDonaldTrump craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?""  Who is Craig Ferguson?""""@JewelsInLotus: @realDonaldTrump @BG9half @TheScotsman Amazing Beautiful Place!!""  Thanks!""""@Robert_MacRae: Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? @realDonaldTrump""  and save the birds!""""@FraserPorteous2: @realDonaldTrump I took a drive to Trump Scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. Good work, Trump!""  T""""@mikefavreece: @realDonaldTrump your staff couldn't have been better. Absolute pleasure. Thank you.""  Great!""""@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job, Don."""@mikefavreece   Thanks!"""@rfhoganjr: New Trump International Scotland was better than advertised.Thanks @realdonaldtrump. It &amp, Royal Dornoch gems.""""@BG9half: @realDonaldTrump @TheScotsman Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy."""@JTFoxx   True and thanks!@BeaumontAnthony   Thanks!“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso“Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – Think Like a Billionaire@JaiiderVilla   Thank you."""@mballance: The best birthday present would be a RT from the @realDonaldTrump 2016"""@IAMAASHKA    Thanks, it will be great."""@TheeSir_ZenSA: @realDonaldTrump Plays a huge role in what kind of a business man I would love to be.I respect him and look up to him.""""@MelindaCWright: @realDonaldTrump gotta love The Donald""  Thank you Melinda!""""@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.""""@J__Perc: I thought @mcuban was a closer... #guessnot I think I'll be listening to @realdonaldtrump he's a closer""""""@lvseven: @realDonaldTrump we share a birthday June 14 how about a RT for a huge fan and admirer""""""@drewgoo07: @realDonaldTrump has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American, and if your not following him your missing out."Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!"""@RSOilers: @realDonaldTrump It's time for Trump Care! Trump in 16! Save our country!""  Our Country needs help and leadership fast."Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the fieldLying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?“A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. EisenhowerWhy should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!Interesting...the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.@djRandyRan Happy Birthday.Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.@rickywatt1 Thanks.@Skooogs Great!"""@Brewjo32: @realDonaldTrump reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit""  Great!"@JoshuaMelhorn Thanks.@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!@kjclt1 Thanks!@NebSeb Thanks.With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world."""@888maggie888: @realDonaldTrump @FKTrey Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest""  Thanks M."Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessmanEliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs)."""@kiki_Mrizqullah: @realDonaldTrump who is your inspiration?""   My father!""""@Richharry10: @realDonaldTrump I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir"" X""""@FKTrey: Putting on the @realDonaldTrump tie is an essential to my morning routine""   That's great!""""@JoeCodling: @realDonaldTrump your book's doing well in the UK mate.""   Thanks.""""@hi_ang3l: @realDonaldTrump My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol, my inspiration!""  Have fun!"@Macdaddyeli   You are correct Eliana!"""@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realDonaldTrump Just went on a spree at Macy's, four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. Great stuff, love it!""""@Sneasure: I've got so much love for @realDonaldTrump.""  So nice, thank you!""""@trandusa: @realDonaldTrump we expect you to have some more investments in Turkey,Istanbul Mr. Trump.""  Love Istanbul!""""@TalFalco: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time""""""@markmcco: @realDonaldTrump all accidents should require a drug test.""  True!""""@Macdaddyeli: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!""  Thanks!""""@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump""   and correct!""""@Saskatweet: @realDonaldTrump How ""on"" do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?""  Who cares, they caused the crash!""""@RealRayLong: .@realDonaldTrump: You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man. #TrumpIn2016""  So true!  -  thanks.""""@Articmink: @realDonaldTrump Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower of @realDonaldTrump You're amazing Mr Trump!""  Thanks.""""@S_Gosper: @realDonaldTrump _ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!""  You must be kidding!""""@MarcusMyers1: @realDonaldTrump @jenlloyd10 @saintnicoleross Mr Trump, pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?  Probably both!""""@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump um... How the hell do YOU know???""  Because I'm very smart, dummy!""""@c_c_saunders: @realDonaldTrump my dad played the new Scotland course today, left me a vm, ""put the Trump course on your list, must play."""""It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?@flyingcolours66   Thanks, it has been amazing!The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!"What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really ""off"".".@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!“Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince LombardiPakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.It’s Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?“You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The Art of The DealToo bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @SpitzerForNYC  to go on another few minutes...would have been interesting...With Spitzer &amp, Anthony Weiner running for office, New York  is pervert central!  Pathetic“A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – Think Big"@RickHasAMartini   You said you are ""tired"" - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!"@MsLisaALevy  Thank you!"""@LanceBrookins: @realDonaldTrump - oh wow that course is beautiful""  Thanks.""""@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump. Agree stop have a dig a DonaldJTrump and instead @AlexSalmond. Is to blame"" Greatest course was built!""""@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump Don Trump is Gods gift to America""  Thanks Bob.""""@scheekster: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLA and an awesome restaurant!""  Thanks.""""@cGjeezy: @realDonaldTrump Donnie how does Trump compare to Cosmo in Vegas #AskDonnie""   Far superior!""""@Sebastien_LA: I aspire to be like @realDonaldTrump The man is a genius.""  True but thanks!""""@michael_adair: @realDonaldTrump the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!""""""@JasonMorgan066: @realDonaldTrump I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!""  Thanks!""""@cougar_ku: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president, Mr. Trump! The phonies will run the other way!""  Interesting!""""@cowpokes6369: @realDonaldTrump any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news.""   YES!"@PaulCrouch22 Thank you!@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy True and thanks.@vexnerd  I did a great thing for Scotland!@BeaumontAnthony True and thanks!@jreid1973 She was great!@dimasmoosa Thank you."""The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."" - Pres. Lincoln"@JackOLoughlin  Thanks."""Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive."" - Think Like a Champion"@kylejkrantz True!@lexgates We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.@L100RAN  Thanks!@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy Thanks--has been great for Scotland.@NatalieJeeaann  Great!@theoclass True.@Lee_Renn1  Thanks."""If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them."" - Think Big"@BrandIdeator The Art of the Deal is a good start.We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.@ptr2mm  Thanks.Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?@MarcoCompagno You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!@ChayalimBodedim    Thank you."""@hussienskaiky: @realDonaldTrump @Drake4444444 Trump Chicago, New York, Miami, Vegas, and the list goes on and on""  Thanks!""""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?""  I do, big league!"@KayJayButton   Yeah, blame me moron!"""@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trump""  Thank you!""""@USAF_Classy_Guy: @ArsenioHall Sept 9, 2013...who will be first? I am sure @realDonaldTrump could be on that list"" Arsenio will choose!"@andy_murray   Fantastic job by @andy_murray, a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  AMAZING"""@p6jeff: @realDonaldTrump picked up my 7th Trump tie today!!""  GREAT!"@chrisopherdavis   True and thanks!Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris."""@RicardoHernanG: Just bought @realDonaldTrump 's SUCCESS from Macy's and brought it to Costa Rica. Fantastic product. Go get them!""""@AlexTallitsch: I wonder if @realDonaldTrump is going to make any more plane crash jokes? What are you talking about-I never made a joke.""""@chuckesquivel: RT @realDonaldTrump ""@kormylo: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016.""""@hennessey_kyle: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you in a second. Great American that would get this country back on track.""  Thank you.""""@MrDannyNoonan: @realDonaldTrump if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it?""   Yes!""""@kormylo: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you!  We sure need somebody-FAST!"Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!"""@mwitchie44: @realDonaldTrump @MattGallows What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there &amp, fix it!""Thanks""""@johnnyboob2: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?""  False hope.""""@MattGallows: @realDonaldTrump if you were to become president, could you make this country financially successful?  Absolutely!"@GolfweekMag - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!"""@nicko7785: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Amazing time in NYC, best city in the world with the best hotel! U made our trip!.. Great.""""@therealmlw: @realDonaldTrump you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!""""@TheGrumpyHusky: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, America needs you and your leadership. I believe you can restore this Country!""""@Mikomuhfucka: @realDonaldTrump doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate.  I have GREAT comp'--""""@concal: @realDonaldTrump up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner.""  Thanks, but.much more because of the.brain!""""@jaymztyler: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome, and hopefully enough people realize it when it's time to vote. #Trump2016""  Thank you!""""@JulismilesInc: @realDonaldTrump Imagine if we all became masters @ having fun while getting things done?"""@TheRealKurse     So true!"""@Eamyoncanoe: @realDonaldTrump Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True."@spence_derek I'll bet he was!"""@rcassedy: @realDonaldTrump Im begging.... Please run for President and fix this mess..""--and it can be fixed, thanks.""""@jm_fig: @realDonaldTrump any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?""  No, they will not!""""@Viles_ATC: @realDonaldTrump I'm in Charlottesville, where is your winery?""  Right nearby - just ask directions."@craig_longislnd   Thanks Craig.@ruffff2    Thanks-a great place!"""@Desperatedan17: @realDonaldTrump @Evan_Olson did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?  Yes""""@iNathanMcKnight: @realDonaldTrump Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?""  Didn't hurt!""""@Debtampa: @realDonaldTrump you are Never wrong?  Never!"@BeccaPiano  Thank you Becca.For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston"""@KimberlyARoach: @realDonaldTrump should run for president. He'd have my vote. 👍""  Thanks""""@JZXtreme: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump, the only man that can be President and make this Country turn a profit for once. Go Trump!""""@LinRo_2: @realDonaldTrump When are you going to buy a pro sports team?""  Too many other things to do!""""@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?""  I guess he didn't!""""@Mzk51Matt: @realDonaldTrump what Trump landmark can I take my 8 year old to in NYC for his first visit? #bigtrumpfan""  Trump Tower,5th Ave""""@NSprad: @realDonaldTrump @stevemit30 Donald, stick to business and politics.""  I will!"@ChristineJude   Thanks Christine, very nice!"""@FauxAndyLuck: .@realDonaldTrump literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started.""  Wrong!""""@MarkMcGrath87: @realDonaldTrump You have a cunty demeanor.""  True!"@drunkrhino   Great!"""@stevemit30: @realDonaldTrump everyone knew he was going to Houston - Bullshit loser, most thought Lakers or Dallas!""""@m_i_c_h_a_e_l_m: @realDonaldTrump you are a very handsome man""   I know, but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! Too bad."Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?"""@dandeloof: @realDonaldTrump any idea where Dwight Howard is going?""  He will.do best in Houston!""""@oralobgyn: @realDonaldTrump @ctobin22 Good timing for Paula Dean to go public, and lots of lawsuits. Where's her lawyer? Asleep?""  ASLEEP!""""@michaelmu: @realDonaldTrump How important do you think college is? Especially during these times..""  Very important""""@Lillyzart: @realDonaldTrump @ctobin22 Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.  Thank you!""""@Trapp_Era: A bottle of wine, reading @realDonaldTrump :Art of the Deal, jamming Jay Z ....Perfect night!""  Very cute!"@lulabel3766   But Paula handled it very poorly!@sirtyro   Thank you!"""@ZacharyZermay: @realDonaldTrump I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi.""  Too bad our Country can't do the same!""The ""Arab Spring"" is not working out so well-nice name, bad results!""""@sirtyro: @realDonaldTrump How do you keep energy high &amp, positive mind when it feels like you're failing in business?"" Never think failure""""@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump any advise for battered Paula dean? Her ship has been sinking .."" She must get back to work &amp, stop apologizing!""""@michaelmu: @realDonaldTrump Thats such a clichè!! You can do better than that!""  But it is so true and will never change.""""@mistressleesa: @realDonaldTrump @AsadTMoosvi And if you love what you do, it doesn't feel like work!""  100% true-it's like a vacation!""""@AsadTMoosvi: @realDonaldTrump What's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur?""  Work hard and love what you do-never give up!""""@MathemagicianUK: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow. I'm pretty sure it was like 10M. To turn that into 10B clearly shows he's good!""""@Mishaforever: @realDonaldTrump @MikeDGarrison Fuck yeah! She SHOULD have to pay!""  She said some really bad and stupid things.""""@John923: @realDonaldTrump I agree...But what have you done lately?""  More than ever before!"@ninetek  Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?"""@TunisieAffaires: Honestly ---&gt, @realDonaldTrump is a model to follow when it comes to the business world""  Thank you!""""@KrisztinaO: @realDonaldTrump where we going???""  If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control, the sharks won't have us to eat!""""@Numerologynow: @realDonaldTrump U R RICH because your #DADDY left U with 400 Million. I only wish my daddy left me 400M loser-Now over 10B"Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone."""@BENBRICE7: @realDonaldTrump how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interested""  Finished and great."Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!"""@TowerRecordsPrj: @realDonaldTrump any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.""""@josephmcasey: Why would @HISTORY ever choose @realDonaldTrump to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm""  Because they are smart!""""@4everSharkie: #iHateTheFactThat @trumpcasinos serves #sharkfinsoup and @realDonaldTrump could be a hero and stop it!  You like sharks?"@farm_mom   So true!Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing @NY_POLICE Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.@lbenson3 You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!"""@TAZZYdevil13: @realDonaldTrump When will we every catch a break ?""  Only with new and smart leadership!"He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!"""@KingJonnie1: @realDonaldTrump Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one"Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!"""@fastfranky5: @realDonaldTrump if u don't run for President, who would be ur best next choice ??? #CONCERNED""  Lets see how it plays out.""""@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump"" Thanks.""""@pskibbe: @realDonaldTrump Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties &amp, throwing them into the streets with nothing."""@kennymacaskill1   Thanks!"""@tbclem2: @realDonaldTrump where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal @mcuban""  The best fit for him would be Houston!""""@MaaattyB: @realDonaldTrump are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?""  Fantastic!""""@HawksFanDenver: @realDonaldTrump What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?""  Marry a rich person!""""@farmcrayzee: @realDonaldTrump EVERY penny, I live in South Africa, they steal EVERYTHING and ANYTHING!""""""@L_Jackson_78: @realDonaldTrump welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!"@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).@Dzeroseven   Wrong!@FamousUmair   That's great!"""@JefePinal: @realDonaldTrump is a fucking genius.""   TRUE!""""@Mike12Currin: @realDonaldTrump how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire?"" A small fraction of what I've created and built!"@Pourquoipas20  Good idea, will create one.@DurangoRick   Thank you:-)"""@Sebuliba: ""@Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa"" Wrong, if anything it's worse than I say""""@DaLynxBk: Is it true @realDonaldTrump ""@Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa""  I'm right!"@dwangpow   So true!"""@smoss319: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroup""  Thank you Susan!""""@Jeromeister: Really @realDonaldTrump, are you sure ""Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen"". Just 97%.""""@Buhlebabe: RT @realDonaldTrump: ""Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work."" - Aristotle!""""@ollact: @realDonaldTrump To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you Fred""  My father was a great guy and teacher""""@kennethsmithmd: @realDonaldTrump I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome""""Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work."" - Aristotle"“Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father, Fred C. Trump.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company &amp, then went to prison, but he’s up for parole—let him go!Snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.@DurangoRick Thank you!@jaymztyler I would stop paying him immediately."""@KeyAgents: @realDonaldTrump is a no nonsense man, he means what he says, and does what he intends and sets out to do. I'm a fan of great""""@fvb123: ""@realDonaldTrump ""You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."" - Churchill""""""""You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life."" - Think Big"Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?We should be concerned about the American worker &amp, invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.Fox and.Friends now!"""@mm13815: @realDonaldTrump here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country.""   PERFECTLY STATED!""""@EditiEffiong: .@AbangMercy @realdonaldtrump Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions, less corruption &amp, impunity"" Ohhh"Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!"""@Chase_Combs4: Getting ready to watch @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews! #SmartGuy""       Will be on 7 A.M.""""@FreetownSpurs: @realDonaldTrump going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?""  Trump Int.-1 CPW."19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!"""@carson_evans1: @realDonaldTrump You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy...""  Thank you!""""@nate_rogerthat: @realDonaldTrump why you hate @mcuban so much?""  I don't hate him at all.""""@TXPride80: @realDonaldTrump What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?  Who cares?""""@DurangoRick: @realDonaldTrump Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ ""to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa”??""   Crazy!"@kenzig   Thank you."""@JenDeJournett: @realDonaldTrump true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders &amp, field slips. So true,  I'm impressed!""""@dentstwitt: @EDM___HEAD @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No, only Paula Dean used it!""""@davidrhythmguit: @realDonaldTrump @Chuffman48 Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here."" Doubt it""""@NickFronduto: @realDonaldTrump We have our annual @WFFSA Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes""""@marc_soler1: @realDonaldTrump why you take so serious so many stupid tweets, you are the Golden Boy of Real State, all my respects.""""""@MetalMadSean: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?""  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.""""@Chuffman48: @realDonaldTrump I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than you""  Not even close, dopey.""""@Chuffman48: @realDonaldTrump or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont"" He is boring, and much poorer than me!""""@djgura: @realDonaldTrump ~ $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB, what gives?"" They know nothing about me or my numbers.""""@EDM___HEAD: @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev lyin ass nigga""  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the ""N"" word so freely, asshole?""""@renee_mk: @realDonaldTrump I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money""  I create lots of jobs""""@sweetsare: @realDonaldTrump Hope the renovation is going well.""  Thanks, when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.""""@EdandBev: @realDonaldTrump when do you expect the course to be finished?""  November.""""@cheriecorso: @realDonaldTrump I wish more people had ur tude""  But they don't."I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp, less on her ego!"""@nicko7785: @realDonaldTrump just got to NYC, what's ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city?""  Go to Trump Tower, 57th. &amp, 5th. Avenue.""""@JUSTGRIND: @realDonaldTrump How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent""  Innocent of what-how many people did they mugg?""""@queenof72: @realDonaldTrump u should have run for president. our country is in a mess""  Much bigger than you know!""""@2p2TrollCat: @realDonaldTrump Why do you hate so many people?""  I don't, I love people!"@danshaw2012   True!"Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with ""them"" - just another sad &amp, lonely hater and loser!"@lmetzger3590   Thank you."""@RSmithMIA: @realDonaldTrump what's your favorite book?""  Trump, The Art of the Deal.""""@MrsDaRe: @jimbhoyx @realDonaldTrump If you hate him so much then why do you follow him? Because these people are serious losers (&amp, lonley)""""@newnonny: @BmoreBadBoy81 @realDonaldTrump don't hate him for being successful. Hate him for being an ""asshole"" Actually, I agree with that""I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp, losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a ""wig"". Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine"@CarlosGerboles   Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats."""@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump @sroyboyk prove it. And while you're at it, prove your alleged IQ as well."" The highest, asshole!""""@danielrogerson: @realDonaldTrump would you ever consider opening a hotel in London? I'd certainly stay.""  Yes!""""@catmos0: @realDonaldTrump You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President.""  Thank you!""""@jerrimoore: @realDonaldTrump @RyanSeanHeron A beautiful brilliant daughter @IvankaTrump""  True!""""@Showstopper1020: @realDonaldTrump Thank You for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family""""""@sroyboyk: @realDonaldTrump How much $ did you start with? Not a hater, just trying to get an answer. A tiny fraction of what I have built.""""@johnnyboob2: @realDonaldTrump haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing"" I never went bankrupt moron-see Buffett,Kravis,Zell!""""@2ndNatureShh: @realDonaldTrump What are your thoughts on this @Paula_Deen drama?"" Paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!""""@MrsDaRe: @realDonaldTrump It breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us!"" Lets see what happens!"@ebrumby   Thank you."""@995mu: @realDonaldTrump @DylanHEndlich Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #Twitter""""""@stevebickerton2: @realDonaldTrump @RyanSeanHeron I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it"" Thanks.""""@DylanHEndlich: I don't understand why @realDonaldTrump wastes his time with fools on Twitter""  I don't either (I feel sorry for them?).""""@RyanSeanHeron: @realDonaldTrump have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.  Created thousands of jobs"@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?"""@YoungBasedGod_g: @realDonaldTrump your dad gives good brain?? Damn""  It's called genes!""""@AngryJesusRants: @realDonaldTrump why do you need so much? Change some lives, feed some hungry""  I do, big league!""""@blmeek: @realDonaldTrump you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous.""  Totally true and thank you!"What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems.I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!"""Imagination is more important than knowledge."" --Albert Einstein""""Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with other innovations."" - Steve Jobs"Congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles“Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big"""@VolitanLioness: @realDonaldTrump I don't know Donald, but he sure has made our government look foolish!""  So, who hasn't?"How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!"""@Zaranawabzadi: @realDonaldTrump @Jahbalon Trust me its been a while we saw an American as a president. i am for Sir Donald""""""@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump how do you find the time?"" Not easy!"@Rogerjmunson   Only 40 hours? (just kidding)."""@Sexys_Back: @realDonaldTrump we need firm decisive leadership, please consider a presidential bid mr trump."" You are very smart!""""@Jahbalon: I wouldn't mind @realDonaldTrump as President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.  Thank you!"Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets)."Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself ""is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"""Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.”Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?“Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao TzuThere are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp, create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big@AGCCevents @chambertalk Have fun!@inkinhole  Very sad, isn't it!@VinceMirabelli @TrumpLasVegas Thanks!@Rich_LaBelle Have fun.@KennethHazlett An answer would not be pretty!@MIbrunette  Our country needs the same fix-up.Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it, Bush was terrible!Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go..@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast."""@hoffers1: Just got thru reading ""Time to Get Tough"" by @realDonaldTrump. It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election"“Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon BonaparteAs hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp, food for everyone.“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a ChampionShining over Fifth Avenue, @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!@nstegm  Real estate!@pearlharry  Thank you!@cherrie_stevens Interesting!@Fordette12 Great!@DerrinTexada Good luck--work hard!@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!"""@nstegm: @realDonaldTrump #askdonald what are you most proud of in your life?""  My children!""""@cloverc8: @realDonaldTrump that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect""  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!"The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)"""@pastapp: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!""  Cute!"@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!"""@CariRead08: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best."" You are very smart!"@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell."""@steamjetboomer: @realDonaldTrump you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!""  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!""""@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump @coolchange80 And you're okay with the government spying on you?"" Must have power to stop terrorists etc.""""@JFSargent: I feel like that last tweet by @realDonaldTrump is gonna be a good one to have on record.""  Yeah, for me!"@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's."""@Jmano33: @realDonaldTrump you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!!"" Thank you.""""@AlannaWannabe: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump, he is a brilliant business man.""  TRUE!""""@CoolChange80: @realDonaldTrump Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden .""  He is a traitor, absolutely. Others won't follow!""""@Michelle823: @realDonaldTrump made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA !"" I am working hard to do so!""""@KeyonMATTERS: You are so annoying @realDonaldTrump""  Thank you, now get a job!"New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!"""@emileegorham: @realDonaldTrump I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!""  Thanks Emilee!"@KevinwArchie   Thanks."""@LindaSuhler: @GBrucato21 @ericbolling @realDonaldTrump Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like ""The Donald."" You're very smart!"Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane, @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp, winning MVP of series."""If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience."" - Midas Touch""""Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information."" - Think Big"Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech..@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.We need to worry about the American worker first!Becoming a US citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.Yesterday, 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.@MFMagOfficial Thank you.@EcatXerxes  Go for it!@lorenzolamas Thank you!@513pango That's really nice--good luck!@cwbmustang There certainly is plenty of evil.@HalfMoon4Life Thanks.@1DavidKim @TrumpToronto Great!@paulcdevlin Much better, enjoy it!"""@rbdwalker: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you."“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a ChampionOur debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp, others) are killing American business.Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.@ARMusicPlanner Happy Birthday Anthony,@pbanura or Ireland?@TrumpPhillyGM @DavisCPAGroup @TrumpPhillyPro  Have fun!@BestNewProduct @TrumpCollection  Thanks, it is a beautiful city.@EWErickson Enjoy your stay!"""@SteveRickettsSP: .@realDonaldTrump does your ego permit you to donate something *without* requiring that your name be on it? State's idea!""""@jmuoio88: Pretty sure the reason @realDonaldTrump is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life"" That helped!""""@PROestateagent: @realDonaldTrump True! And you are one of them - A great investor.""  Thank you."@caroleapple   Great meeting you!"""Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success."" - Henry Ford""""Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future."" John F. Kennedy"@WWEfan123444  Good luck.Putin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy?@CosmicShiftBar @I_Am_Optimistic Thanks.@BarriMedia Good luck.@fubaglady @CamaroDays  Thanks, I do and will!@KJLLeonard Thanks!Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present.Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!"""@Patti_Wavinak: @realDonaldTrump I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard!"" DONE""My people caught the person who committed ""forgery"" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?"Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.@rtwing1020  Thanks--it will be great.Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution, not the problem.Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.@DannyZuker Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.“Keep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.” – Midas TouchSome dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet)."""@bretech2: @niceprogressive I don't thnk his acct was hacked he's saying he never twtd &amp, no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted.""""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success, DJ. But success is the best revenge""""""@Lisa_LuciaTesta: @realDonaldTrump I'm sure you didn't. There are a lot of sickos out there!""  That's for sure!""""@dst1015: @realDonaldTrump my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!"Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini.  Sadly, very sick people use my name.I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!@Matglav @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!Great to see @SarahPalinUSA back on @FoxNews. She's a wonderful woman and commentator..@Ed_Klein’s book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.@TheBigAStabile   So true."""@KyleMcCall4: A man works construction, is used to loud noise, &amp, can't adapt to noise from a windfarm. Beat EOWDC @realDonaldTrump""""@coollikeelvis: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay.""  Thanks!""""@ldbox: @realDonaldTrump Yes, Apprentice IS better, but world needs to see you on Shark Tank!!!"""@tubby511 Thank you!"""@ET614: @realDonaldTrump were you listening to Cher's new song?  Cher sucks - her song, and music in general, is terrible!""""@_ScumPrincess: @realDonaldTrump is the best person I follow"""@LongLiveTheBOSS   Thank you, very nice!"""@DocShanahan1: @realDonaldTrump would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads""  But The Apprentice is far better!""""@PZoric: @realDonaldTrump rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice"""Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!Watch the game-really good."""@athompson362: Why did I quit following @realDonaldTrump? Twitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!""  Everybody comes back!"Great basketball game going on right now!Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!"""@glcarter7: @realDonaldTrump @peaceloveandmeg Mr. Trump, Im 45 today. Can I get a retweet for luck this year?""  Good luck!""""@MannyMaCoo: I may not agree with some of his politics, but @realDonaldTrump is a phenomenal business man."" So true!""I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, ""Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!"" Nice""""@JLsmoothh: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime""  Thank you Justin!""""@MissUSA2005: Love this pic of @missusa, the beautiful Erin &amp, the one and only @realdonaldtrump. Amazing show. Great picture, thanks.""""@chrisleigh604: @realDonaldTrump welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visit""  Thank you."Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up.  That’s what makes a winner.Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal actionSnowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over"""@peaceloveandmeg: but when you're in a beauty contest ran by @realDonaldTrump , all the contestants are republican."" Bad grammar (run).""""@marzanoj: @realDonaldTrump people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so, however, u r the marketing king as well."" Thank you."Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.@TalentedPaul  Thanks Paul.Frankly, for a writer, I don’t think @DannyZuker’s stuff is good. In fact, it’s terrible.I own @DannyZuker, but he has his friends &amp, haters &amp, losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything!A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @MissUSA  @MissUniverse"Congratulations to @EmilyMiller, @mboyle1 &amp, @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDC’s list of ""10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter.""".@GiulianaRancic &amp, @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers &amp, @DJPaulyD’s performances!Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!"""@JustinRose99: Time to enjoy an amazing day!""   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!""""@mattseba: With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say the @realDonaldTrump collection is at the top of my list. #quality   Thanks.""""@aussiemika74: @realDonaldTrump Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one, but heard great things about it""  YES""""@HuandaRulz: @realDonaldTrump Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives.""""""@JamesKlatt: @realDonaldTrump moral of this story: guns (when used correctly) save lives!"" TRUE!"A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!"""@OnlyOneTweet_: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr. Trump. Long time reader, first time tweeter. How do I deal with bullies?""  ATTACK OR IGNORE!""""@dooobieashtray: @realDonaldTrump acts childish fighting with @DannyZuker via internet"" Wrong, he started it and I finished it-he's nothing""""@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald, just want to say, I'm a huge fan of your books. Your a real inspiration. Thanks!""""@hellocory: Oh my god the twitter fight between @dannyzuck and @realDonaldTrump""  There is no fight with @DannyZuker, he is a nobody!""We should stay the hell out of Syria, the ""rebels"" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO"Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!"""@Tommyguns11: @realDonaldTrump Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?""  Stay out!""""@DavisCPAGroup: @realDonaldTrump playing pine hill for pops day.""  Enjoy it!"@LeoDiCaprio   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!"""@TinkerP91: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.""""@littlechutemike: @realDonaldTrump your business sense is amazing. I hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you""  Very nice""""@andrewtavani: .@billclinton &amp, @GovChristie 1st met at wedding of @realDonaldTrump, when Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin.""  TRUE"“Don’t find fault. Find a remedy.” – Henry Ford@quicksorter Have a good time, enjoy this great city.@Eurphrosye  Great!@AdeleBrumley  Thanks!"""Work often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory, and they should never surprise you."" - Think Like a Champion"@DuchessofDallas  Thanks Anna..@GiulianaRancic &amp, @nickjonas are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. @JonasBrothers will be performing. Tune in!.@IvankaTrump and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcement...Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.It’s Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!"""@Jdawgnuts: @realDonaldTrump if you really thought you could have won, you would have ran.""  Very bad grammar (run).""""@EBlakeSpencer: What a great day @TrumpGolfLA w/ @ChrisUhrig. Can't wait to go back @realDonaldTrump. #highlyrecommended. THANKS.""""@courtneyymorgan: Just saw the old post office in Washington DC that @realDonaldTrump is planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous""""@ilory: Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentor @realDonaldTrump. Tomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!!"" Happy birthday!""""@AZDaniel27: @realDonaldTrump. ""The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you"" - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)""""""@GysellAlmonte: I was checking upon @realdonaldtrump bio, and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! I admire the guy. Thank you!""""@HappiiKarii: @realDonaldTrump why didn't you run for this term?""  I should have, I would have won!""""@Matthew_Pascale: ""You have to think anyway, so why not think big?"" @realDonaldTrump - Great quote from an experienced leader."""@Teerellz_95   You have no chance!"""@LanaH11: @realDonaldTrump I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?""""""@Leigh26Heather: @realDonaldTrump WHO ON EARTH IS DANNY ZUKER????!!!!""  A lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking Trump."@Sir_KLZA  Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!"""@psmith819: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump so to tell you Danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does.""  Danny is easy!"@wfdelong   Now tell the truth."""@MikeVega4: I have to say I fave no idea who @DannyZuker is but I know @realDonaldTrump is and he has great hotels #whoiszucker""  TRUE."Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!"""@juliar1206: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept &amp, I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.""""@JustMeNoahB: @realDonaldTrump Please Run For President... Be Good To Have A Real Business Man In Office"""@WhiskeySam99  .Sam, you are so pathetic!"""@AleksyDaSexy: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you for president""  Thank you.""""@spuffer316: @IvankaTrump you have an amazing father @realDonaldTrump @rbeezybess""  Thank you Stu, and Ivanka is a great daughter!""""@Tigergal62: Not very presidential: @realDonaldTrump: .@DannyZuker Danny--You're a total loser!""  Perhaps, but 100% true!"Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD."""@paynetb: I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump! Calls it like it is! #trump2016""  Very nice Frank - our Country does need leadership.""""@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump @WashTimes @EmilyMiller If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.""""@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me.""""""@Rich9ie8: @realDonaldTrump we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong""   Thanks for the nice words!""""@bingo1bingo2: @realDonaldTrump @dannyzuker wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #Trump2016"""Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?"""@TONE_L0C: @realDonaldTrump is better than @dannyzuker in a lot of ways, plus Donald has 2million more followers than zuker""""""Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul."" - General Douglas MacArthur""""@Who_MikeJones6: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #zukerisaloser""""""@MayaAlusik: @realDonaldTrump @DannyZuker Danny who?""""@BahuksanaMPH: @realDonaldTrump agreed, he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016""""""@lolita_nyc: @realDonaldTrump luv you""  That's great!""""@ArberDoci: @DannyZuker I think you try and make fun of @realDonaldTrump because you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his."""I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!.@DannyZuker  Danny--You're a total loser!Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!@scottymcd1980 Have fun and thanks..@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetToughWow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!"""@_KatherineWebb: Looking forward to #MissUSA this weekend in Vegas!""  Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!""""@WilsonLeeFlores: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_McNall is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course?"" It is the World's best golf course!"@lovevictoria   Happy birthday Victoria."""@Yra007Unaj: @realDonaldTrump I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are""   Thanks and work hard and smart!""""@Chris_McNall: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on building the ""world's best golf course"". Scotland makes us jealous!""  Thanks Chris.""""@Friend_Bus: @wgonet @realDonaldTrump ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs""  Thank you!"@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt!"""@ldn1017: @_KatherineWebb @realDonaldTrump how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA????"" Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!"Amazing... @VattenfallGroup tried to destroy Aberdeen..@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme.“The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides@jhayman2  Thank you.@RoborBobor Thank you.Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, &amp, use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big"""Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple, but it works."" - Think Like a Billionaire"Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning  the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player &amp, person!Please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” -- it is a total scam.Great going to Bob Kraft &amp, Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow.  Tim is a winner just like them!@missally52 @Macys  Thanks and great job!@Tedieballgame @Macys Me too, thanks!"""@AZDaniel27: @RealDonaldTrump. ""A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him"" D Brinkley""""@Riddzey32: @BarackObama 2-Day is #CoachLombardi 100th B-Day! Research him &amp, learn how to be a #TrueLeader @realDonaldTrump""  Great coach!"@Rosemarrisa   She will run!"""@GSGOV: @Lord_Sugar sad it has come to this. Clown on TV and selling nail clippers online. Ask @realDonaldTrump for a job?""""""@Dardonyc16: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!""""@joooooojaah: I am team @realDonaldTrump &lt,3 &lt,3 &lt,3""   Thanks Georgia!"@JBradleyDesign1 @CNNMoney @jtotoole Thank you!@nicla_b Thank you.“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe RuthShirts and ties are doing great @Macys--thanks!@kevindrako2  Thanks, just really busy!“Worry destroys focus.” – Think BigA coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.@Insanepricing  Lots and yes.Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!"""@YouAreNotDeep: @realDonaldTrump's my inspiration.""""""@BeaumontAnthony: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump I agree thank Mr trump fantastic golf in the UK you have built"""Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes  on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!"""@deluxeboss: @realDonaldTrump @Bobbyukip Your investment in the UK is welcome. Thanks for being you.""  Thank you!""""@vinnypac: @realDonaldTrump I'll have to go to Macy's at tje Bridgewater mall in NJ and shop on this rainy day. Have 7 of ur ties. Luv them"Newsstand sales for @VanityFair, run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.  Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low priceI'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big"""Inspiration exists, but it must find you working."" -- Pablo Picasso"@sanmiguel_23 Thanks.@tylerhogan1 You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.@ChrisSuprun @rjchoppy But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate."“The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny."" - @marklevinshow"Remember Trump ties &amp, shirts @Macys for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization, lied to the fans &amp, embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.@Judare So true!Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily@Brandon_Grip Thanks Brandon.@shelleysherwin  Wish your mother a happy birthday.@glenda_goff Thank you!@PIERPAOLOMONNI @TrumpChicago @Jonzy1523  Thank you.@Jonzy1523 @TrumpChicago  Thanks, very proud of it.@Cgroll33 Totally!"""@mrbocce: @realDonaldTrump This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying!  Boston.must be very happy!"Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!"""@FunkynFortunate: @realDonaldTrump ...but we're paying Lois Lerner.""  Very cute!""""@elamenwalker: @realDonaldTrump seen you speak at Charlotte Nc (ACN) that was awesome!""  Thank you, a great audience."George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money."""@NCartagena27: @realDonaldTrump I'm Puerto Rican and I agree with this. We need to stop trying to be so politically correct.""""""@Strange_Drugs: @realDonaldTrump when you die in 4 or 5 years, the world will be a better place.""  I know, I will make it that way!""""@an2nym: @realDonaldTrump Good luck. If I had known Id have come to shake your hand. Fab job in Aberdeen."""@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts."""@dblsolo700: @zed_crtr @realDonaldTrump ASK HIM ABOUT #CP5 CENTRAL PARK 5""  Yea, ask me about the muggers!"Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference."""@gohermie: @realDonaldTrump @usopengolf Thank you Mr. Trump, I appreciate all of the support you have given me. I hope you can come watch."""@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!@arid93  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.@happyloner   Wrong you idiot!"""@msaid10: @realDonaldTrump did you help?""  YES!"The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp, Michael Douglas.Does anyone else have two golf pros—John Nieporte &amp, Jim Herman—who qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolfWhitey Bulger’s prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  @usopengolf@ArthurDeMeyer Happy Birthday!"""@RonWEmma: @realDonaldTrump played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!""""""@TristenHeath: @realDonaldTrump what's the secret to all your success?""  Always need good and sound concepts and ideas-THEN, NEVER GIVE UP!"26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!"""@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Don't be a chump. Win with TRUMP!""""""@jakecbaum: @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump I will definitely be there again soon! Save me a nice table with a lovely east view! :D""""""@SirBraden: @realDonaldTrump would be the greatest president of all time""""""@KathyTh38140700: @realDonaldTrump @Nicole52008 I also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!""""""@smccauley1972: @realDonaldTrump played National Bedminster today. Not sure what to say beside ""spectacular course and even better service"""The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.@JohnSim96499126   Thank you John!"""@MandyGomez01: @realDonaldTrump Hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. Thanks."""@ericfranson  That is true.@RealDonalDrumpf  Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!@charleyUfarley You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass!"""@Nicole52008: @realDonaldTrump is the man! He shows you what can happen when you work hard. #livintheAMERICANdream""""""@Sorrowmachine: @realDonaldTrump @murphy756 Didn't he just loose to Michelle Bachmann?"" .Never lost to Michelle - dummy, are you crazy!"@Vincent_Moretti   Thank you."""@murphy756: @realDonaldTrump I patiently await for Mr. Trump to throw the towel in the ring ! He will never be beaten by anyone !"""@ThomasVanhoutte Thanks, 57th and Fifth.@rodmonium91 Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.@D4Dufour Thank you, very nice.@theronnivp Thank you!@GenevieveByrne @TrumpPanama Thanks, great building!@sdoocy @BroRay You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!"""Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short, fast and direct."" - Think Like a Champion"@PartylikeRlove1 You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp, most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!"""@ezt91: @realDonaldTrump has Aberdeen said thank you yet? #youvebeentrumped""  No.""""@cough93: . @realDonaldTrump when are one of your courses going to host a major? That's what often makes them ""great.""""  2017.""""@ShaPaliath: Spent some time at Trump Hollywood this weekend. Absolutely stunning &amp, the staff were awesome Mr. @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks""""@_jacksmith96: @realDonaldTrump played your course today in Aberdeen!! amazing, best course I've ever seen.""  Thanks.""""@ChadSheridan: Congrats to @realDonaldTrump for being voted 'Best Twitter Account to follow"" by The Open Mick Podcast. #YouveMadeIt"""Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!"""@Jkoch19Koch: @realDonaldTrump Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou""""""@ShaunSettle: ""@persdevquotes: If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. ~ Donald Trump"" #lovethedonald @realDonaldTrump""""""@general_lauri: @realDonaldTrump The Donald is the only reason I tweet!""  Thanks lauri!"@ArronJ1  Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck!Just got a great new selection of ties &amp, shirts @Macys.  Go buy them now for Father’s Day—they’re beautiful!Ms. Goldberg &amp, her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.  The case is now officially over...@Fan_JCena Good luck!@alecmillionaire The architectural boat tour is great."“Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself."" – The Art of the Deal""""@davenanni: Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great, best room for the money!(500sq/ft, great bath and shower, tons of closet space).""""@TeamSowards: Just had lunch at the Trump Towers! Classy taste Mr. Trump! Even my son thought it was awesome!""""@MartyCPA: @gregshoes69 @realDonaldTrump 10% of the people pay 90% of this countries tax. What wealthy tax breaks.""""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Shulman is having an affair with someone in the White House. He looks a little gay."""Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!@HeatherChilders   Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX!The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!"""@Itskailiebro: @realDonaldTrump is my role model, he's always right.""  No, just most of the time!""""@marclaurito: “@realDonaldTrump: Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!”""""@scottallenmeyer: @realDonaldTrump DRILL BABY DRILL. North Dakota's economy is booming."""@4geiger Hi Sara--have a great time!@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt.“I pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, &amp, tough.  I think those are important qualities found in successful people.” – Think BigYoung entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us..@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smartly just left the project.One of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problemsLittle Mac Miller’s next album may bomb.  He can’t use my name again for sales.@BeaumontAnthony @marklevinshow Thanks Anthony.China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp, R&amp,D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough@ChristianVaux True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy!@thejbrain Thank you!@1BrianPadilla @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Dying magazine.@Wicz_2003 Thanks.@cbmcq Thank you."""@golanflamm: @realDonaldTrump A Massive fan from Australia. How can I buy your ties?? #wantthetrumpfeeling""  Thanks, at Macy's-Trump Tower."@cronin_michelle Thanks!"""@PaulinaBours: @realDonaldTrump Saludos desde Mexico! I really do admire you""  Thank you!""""@SchmidtTona: @realDonaldTrump #Apprentice I can't wait either. LOve the show!""  Thanks.""""@StockMarket100: @realDonaldTrump correct me if I'm wrong but didnt you give @LilJon charity 20k?""  Yes, 20k plus 100k for great cause!""""@badgirlofrockxx: @realDonaldTrump Why arn't u in politics Donald..?""  I am!""""@BeccaPiano: @realDonaldTrump You look so FORCEFUL on you're book cover! That's what we, America's women, admire about you.""""@jonathanarenas8: Mr @realDonaldTrump ignores Latinos can not be the # 1"" Love Latinos, just look at Trump National Doral in Miami.""""@GuyEndoreKaiser: @realDonaldTrump You are a true American, not like some of these others. Love your Macy's ties!!! Love your books!""thanks"@Mitchell_Traver Thanks."""@JakePalmer412: @realDonaldTrump I look up to you Mr Trump. I wsnt to be like you when I grow up. Can I get a reply?"""@mallorybeck17   Thanks Mallory!@_Warrendya_    Which one?"""@mishuboo: @realDonaldTrump I love you Mr Trump""  Thanks Samantha.""""@CodyAlliecats: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald huge fan, can't wait for another season of the apprentice""  Thanks.""""@JanHaight: @realDonaldTrump might be a lil late, but much respect to you for giving @LilJon 100G for his charity"" He's.great, thanks!""""@NiyaFiya: @realDonaldTrump I love your honesty! #YourNotFired lol""  Thank you.""""@MissMakeupMogul: I love me some @realDonaldTrump except when he's going against our president.. but business wise.I Admire him""Understand!""""@charmed112586: @realDonaldTrump i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school"" Great school"@sarah_e_smith9  Thanks.“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion@yati_isma @tonyfernandes Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also.@murraybrown10  Thanks.@Katdhairstudio Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!@raffie100  I'll bet you had a great son.@amandaphantm No.@NYCTiggy Hi Joanna.@pastorshanewest  Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp, IRS. No excuses!.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.@francaselles @KatieShow @katiecouric  Very cool, thank you.@JATBWIFEE Thank you.@volkermillion Pretty much!@GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks  Enjoy!@chrisinspfld @KatieShow @katiecouric Thanks Chris!@onedaddy26 Yes."""@fossilfiend7: @realDonaldTrump @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Well, that explains why I have no desire to read that garbage!""""""@New0rleans_Lady: I pray he does well,&amp, the 10 yr old girl on the list, gets law changd &amp, gets her new lung as well.@realDonaldTrump"@jakewittman   Happy birthday!"""@AndyShinberger: @realDonaldTrump people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you, they hate themselves!""""@LungQuest: @fundanything @realDonaldTrump A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope""""""@ForHomeSales: @realDonaldTrump been a big fan since I read Art of Deal when I was 22.""  Great!""""@BethAndersonEsq: I would love a tweet back from the uber-famous @realDonaldTrump! How do you do it all?""   I often ask myself that same Q!""""@Matt_Cad: @realDonaldTrump Why do so many people despise you?""  Because I am so handsome!""""@tftamt: @realDonaldTrump your an awesome roll model. Can you please tweet me back? Thanks"""@lisakaminsky   Yes."""@sufferlonger: @DavidFulop: @realDonaldTrump -- Work hard and love what you do!"" -- I left corporate, became a fireman at 37.  GREAT!"@BollingsBalls   But I know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!@ClassicEd   That's what I hear."""@DavidFulop: @realDonaldTrump what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40?"" Work hard and love what you do!"“Never give up on yourself.” – Think Big@bomoca Thanks, people love them (@Macys).“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman@MANDCNorthEast Yes you can for country's good.@Austile147 U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars.@TheRC3  Thanks.@MatthewLumby @VattenfallGroup No, the project sucks!@tdragonfly Fight hard, they are horrible!@smickiwench @MELANIATRUMP No, beautiful and really sweet and nice.@BeccaPiano Thanks.@TomPuiseux  Yes!I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting @FoxNews’ employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?Additionally, two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation &amp, they are unable to get the many permits necessary..@VattenfallGroup, lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped out—project not economically viable--&amp, protestors hate it.We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!"""@Smerwickman: @realDonaldTrump Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?  He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!""""@Iamgrizzly1974: @realDonaldTrump Furthermore, as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world country.Must stop""""@Ghetto_Trophy: @realDonaldTrump how are you a billionaire?""  You mean ten times over hater (loser).""""@eliiizabethhhhh: @realDonaldTrump run for president in 2016 so I can vote for you! You would have this country fixed in a month!""""@infinitys_edge: @realDonaldTrump I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.""""@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump I stay up to watch your great Apprentice show - miles ahead of Sugar's version. No comparison!""""""@GangsterDannyG1: @realDonaldTrump What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake.""  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing."I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!"""@Joe10Kendrew: @realDonaldTrump sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again, so much better than Alan Sugar!""""@msinger456: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks.""""@natestott: @realDonaldTrump how come you don't like Alan sugar Donald?  Because he's a lowlife, but he makes me money!""""@MichaelJHill: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump we are looking forward to the renaissance &amp, transformation of the Old Post Office in DC"" GREAT""""@Wasted_Talent19: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago""   Thanks""""@GilCharles: @realDonaldTrump can I get a RT for @PetsAliveWest in NY. Saving lots of animals.""""""@josephkuye: @realDonaldTrump I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...  Very true!""""@sweetbaboo1968: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for all you do!!!"" Thank you!""""@KodyCoats: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, what do you believe could truly save this country?""  Great leadership!""""@aliyuaminuahmed: @realDonaldTrump @Bobbysoo80 Donal J. Trump is a good Presidential candidate - he has answers. Thanks, very nice!"Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!@Travianno   Thanks!"""@LMowle: @realDonaldTrump pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer &amp, we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk.""""@Bobbysoo80: @realDonaldTrump as if you would ever be president!! Some of your followers are pure RETARDS! Don't underestimate their genius""""@Mattia_Crovini: @realDonaldTrump what do you think about italy?  I don't think about Italy!""""@California_Bloo: @NewsCorpse @realDonaldTrump &lt,&lt,&lt,&lt, This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!""""@UStechie: @realDonaldTrump What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?  We are going to build the finest hotel in C!""""@c4662: @realDonaldTrump a plus for run at the presidency: can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed.""""""@VineCulture: RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WineEnthusiast awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine V.""""@alpugh1: @realDonaldTrump Donald sir, played your course on Friday and let me tell you this, it was spectacular. Good work!  Thanks!""It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called ""scientists"" that we want global warming right now!""""@Cokokkola: @realDonaldTrump has a much higher IQ than idiot Lord Sugar- that's why he has much more money!""  True on both fronts!""""@ONTHEVIRG66: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest inspiration. Keep up the great work and thank you for all you do.""   Thank you Virgil!""""@MJJustus1: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for the times you invited vets to Maralago. You didn't have to do that, so thanks. It was my honor!""""@TheRC3: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. Keep exposing the fools! #TrumpUSA""""""@coolz36: @realDonaldTrump you would make this country great again if you ran for president"" No, only if I WON-then it would be great again""""@arnoldziffle2: @realDonaldTrump I say trump for president, can I get a Hell Yes, USA would be the greatest nation on the planet "" AGAIIN """"""@ResatDorsia16: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president I will vote for the first time ever, I would finally believe in someone""""""@KamsUnited: @realDonaldTrump 4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office. I wish it was you.""""""@kerim322: @realDonaldTrump @msaid10 suddenly I was just motivated with Donald Trump, without any reason.""""@FabianRoss_: @realDonaldTrump You think america will be great again?"" Only with great and proper leadership-otherwise, disaster.""""@STshizzle: I sure wished @AC360 would do a live tweet for tweet special on @DannyZuker and @realDonaldTrump. They would get better ratings""""@msaid10: @realDonaldTrump you're a role model to millions, we love you Mr. Trump""  Thanks Mohamed.""""@chrisinspfld: @realDonaldTrump If you would run for President, you will either fix this country or have millions wishing they'd've voted4U""""@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump You are the sum of everything I despise.""  Who cares!""""@swanky_HEC: ""@realDonaldTrump: Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!""Make d move""""""@OldManConroy: It's called ""climate change"". No, they changed it to ""climate change"" when ""global warming"" wasn't working anymore-too cold!"See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!"""@DannyZuker: OK gotta go. You're not ""going"" anywhere Danny, you're being beaten so badly that you can't take it anymore-enjoy your chair!""""@djbtv: I hope you folks are following @DannyZuker this weekend as he dismantles @realDonaldTrump. Friend of Danny sorry, he died!""""@thatBrody: @realDonaldTrump The @SternShow would never have @DannyZuker on. A.) Not funny enough. B.) Not famous enough. C) Hates losers.""""@Cristaly: @realDonaldTrump you're the worst person""  Thank you!"Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"It's freezing outside, where the hell is ""global warming""??""""@thatBrody: @realDonaldTrump @billyharry1 @HowardStern @DannyZuker Donald will always be one of Howard's greatest guests.  So true!""""@FashionistaBtch: Give it up haters @realDonaldTrump has @MelaniaTrump #TheEnd #Perfection 💗""""""@billyharry1: @realDonaldTrump they do the same with @HowardStern. @DannyZuker can't carry Howard's jock!""""@teresaisthebest: @itsjenwbitches @realDonaldTrump I love you. You are HILARIOUS.  But what about @DannyZuker, he gets paid to be funny?""""@itsjenwbitches: People can hate on @realDonaldTrump all they want, but in reality he's flying his jet over your fucking house as you tweet""""@MikeMcCabeSad: @realDonaldTrump @DannyZuker the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost""  True, Danny is a known loser!""""@MooseJawnski: @realDonaldTrump bring Cash, Jobs, and Hope back to America and run for president!!""  Not much hope in our Country right now""""@juicetucker: @realDonaldTrump Give them hell Don! They're just jealous!""  Stupid is an even better word.""""@PDGreenwood: @realDonaldTrump You are kicking ass, Donald! That Dany Zilker (some no namer) is a PUNK!  He's nothing, no guts!""""@Canvasguru: Lol! RT @martintagg: .@realDonaldTrump You've been popular with ladies for a while. What's your secret handsome?""  My hair!""""@JIMHENDLEY81: @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald I always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. Can't live without me!""""@0unicornchris0: @realDonaldTrump please please run for president""  Well, it ain't working with Obama!""""@SatyrOnline: @realDonaldTrump Let me ask you something: Do you think Henry Ford or Steve Jobs got into Twitter pissing matches. Would have""""@RealSonnyNewman: @realDonaldTrump wins @DannyZuker is afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser. Mr. Trump, you are a role model."@DannyZuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss)."""@paulysouffle: I have to admit @realDonaldTrump motivates the hell out of me. #smallbiz #leader""  That's great, go get 'em!""""@pennjillette: @Ctwilki @realDonaldTrump Well, thanks so much.""  Penn, it was great having you, terrific job!""""@JeffBirotweets: Thoroughly enjoyed watching @realDonaldTrump and @DannyZuker twitter fight. At least Danny has the better hair. He's bald!""""@starsign911: @realDonaldTrump you tell em Donny!! What pussies!!"@omz213  Yes!"""@CaptainApathyUK: Enjoying reading @DannyZuker knocking the shit out of @realDonaldTrump. Sorry hater, he's getting his ass kicked!""""@nandini_godara: @realDonaldTrump real name, real DP, real location. bring it.""  But nobody cares about you, not even your family!""""@sirenasola: @realDonaldTrump The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words ""You're fired!""?""  He will be using them often &amp, soon!""""@raybongz: RT @realDonaldTrump: It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification. Say it again!""""@leahanddean: @realDonaldTrump @kosstar @DannyZuker Mr Trump for president""  Thanks D.""""@MaxVayner: @realDonaldTrump(?) Do you have the guts to debate Jon Stewart?""  He would never do it, he couldn't use his writers.""""@koneslager: @realDonaldTrump during your inaugural address tell Obama ""You're Fired!""  Stranger things have happened!"@allidoisowen   Thanks!"""@Chixbeach: @realDonaldTrump @Matteo5anchez Mr Trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? You're SO much better then any of them!"" FUN!""""@DannyZuker: .@realDonaldTrump I'll never respond to your asinine bet. You're gutless Danny, and you don't even know what the bet is-loser!""""@RustinNiles: @realDonaldTrump i hear ya Mr. Trump, but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face, a pointless endeavor."""@bvogel56   I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!"""@TorresTerrell: @realDonaldTrump whoa.....what are they so mad about? #KeepCalm""  Don't worry, it's just the same old losers and haters!""""@CrimmsNchin: @realDonaldTrump Donald doesn't take shit from anyone, run for president already #america""  Interesting!""""@DominicFormaro: @realDonaldTrump it's hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you. I bet it feels good to laugh at them.""Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but ""I'll be baaaaack""!""""@DannyZuker: @AndyRichter I have to be honest. I think I'm starting not to like the guy."" Actually Danny, you would like me very much!"@RustinNiles Just killing time!"""@Matteo5anchez: @realDonaldTrump shut up u stuck up cock! Hope u lose ur cash and get run over""  Too smart to lose the cash-run over, maybe""""@J_beans51: @realDonaldTrump who is @DannyZuker ?""  Actually, a nobody!""""@Generalzod4109: @realDonaldTrump : Bill Mahr beat you clown!  Wrong, Bill (whose last name you spelled wrong) doesn't know he's alive!""""@GavinCoffin: ""@realDonaldTrump CA is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful Modern Family on ABC @DannyZuk""Come on @DannyZuker, take the bet, show your friends and family (&amp, your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not ""chicken shit"""If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny, make the bet!@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager"""@pennjillette: @LeMrMike Yes, I loved loved loved doing @realDonaldTrump show. I loved it all, every minute. I'd do it again.""""@sirenasola: @realDonaldTrump The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words ""You're fired!""?"""@TheRealKurse Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person!"""@kosstar: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Did we ever get to the details of the ""deal""?  No, Danny doesn't have the guts to play the game."@pusspuss09   Thanks, Country is in trouble."""@biglakeshow: @realDonaldTrump @germany28364 I'm all for #Donald trump""   Thanks, he is easy!""""@erinamunson: @realDonaldTrump Sir, we need an efficient government and I'm sure as a businessman, you're great at it .""  True!""""@kevinsmoore: @realDonaldTrump says exactly what he thinks. Lol This is one of the reasons I follow this man! He's the best!""  Thanks K.""""@jefferies_: @realDonaldTrump Watching the finale. Can't wait for the next season. #TrumpRules""Thanks and enjoy."@DannyZuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal."""@germany28364: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome! Run for president.  Well, we sure do need someone to lead - Washington is a MESS!"Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!@dannyzuker I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!@DannyZuker @AndyRichter Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?No @DannyZuker , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!"Remember, @dannyzuker , you are not even the real ""boss"" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!"@DannyZuker Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals).@DannyZuker Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!@DannyZuker Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist?"I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far ""bigger"" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam"@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!@DannyZuker, are you ready for the deal?"""@DannyZuker: @realDonaldTrump @dannyzucker It's @dannyzuker.""  As I said, I've never heard of you before!"@gingram66 Wrong!@DannyZucker, are you ready for the deal?@LukewSavage  And dumb people like @DannyZucker.I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!"""@twitt_be_cray: @realDonaldTrump go fuck yourself you dumb fuck"" When was the last time you had a date-such terrible language (&amp, picture).""""@aaronrupe33: @realDonaldTrump no ones scared of you donald""  You are very wrong!""""@danrpriest: @realDonaldTrump Just out of curiosity, what makes you care so much about what they think?""  I study cowards and stupid people"It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!"""@BarrieLouise: Lol. What is going on @ForQ2 ? Why is @realDonaldTrump threatening you?""  He's afraid to use his real name-too costly!"@julesmattsson   Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!@TheJuice59101   I do, thanks."""@MaasMaasWhatup: Nobody does the Twitter thing quite like @realDonaldTrump. That man engages his critics like nobody I've seen before.  T."@ForQ2  Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be."""@A11_Seeing_Eye: @realDonaldTrump @DAM615 Does an IQ of 60 count as being smart?"" No, sadly you are very dumb-but probably born that way.""""@M_A_F: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for all you do for the #troops! May God bless all of our #Veterans this Memorial Day!"" Thanks.""""@brandongersh: @realDonaldTrump Why did you go to Wharton did you not get into Harvard?  Wharton is better for business than Harvard!"@ForQ2 You're nuts, go get a job."""@CapitalCashCo: @realDonaldTrump @jojo81466 Please Make it happen, Let us Help You Win!""  Thanks!""""@DAM615: @realDonaldTrump yes you're a republican and smart. Now that's what we need to run this country!"" We sure need better than current"@HatchetWounds Totally wrong dopey.@JimmyDeVito  Thanks Jimmy."""@CongressGent: @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. It is impossible to think otherwise.""  Very nice, thanks!""""@jojo81466: @realDonaldTrump born on flag day?? See you were meant to be president!!""  I guess that's.right!"Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!"""@EAWIII: @realDonaldTrump It will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!""Great weekend!""""People do business with those people they like and trust."" - Ralph J. Roberts, Founder of Comcast"@BuseyFoundation @THEGaryBusey Thanks Gary, it was great having you on the show, may your foundation spend the money well.In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk."""If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything, I'd have been sunk before I got started."" - Think Like a Champion"Looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.@TishaLewis Thanks.@resplatt123 Thanks.Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend @CondeNastCorp is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter, who only cares about his bad food restaurantsMrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.@Triggerracing  That sounds great--a bad woman.@RossWeidner Thank you! (I think)@BenBradleyABC7  True!"""@Sennandy: @realDonaldTrump what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. Thank you!"@SusieBeatrice1 @leeboggs True, they are being decimated.@richardroeper Yes, you can't allow people to scam you &amp, rip you off.@ArkieLad In addition to ripping me off.@paul1994loan Thanks.@VanityFair Read this &amp, you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.@dietztrott Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening.@jgy777ph Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people."""@PattyOchs: @realDonaldTrump why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you?  They are sick and mentally weak!""""@RandyRolph: @realDonaldTrump Shelly Kulwin says your a lyin' dog Mr. Trump."" Shelly Kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big today(fool)""""@Johns81366: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, Even though I'm not a Republican, I wrote your name on my ballot during the election."" A wise move""""@Truthisthat1: @ForQ2 @Arseburgers @realDonaldTrump You are powerless online, and powerless in real life"" Why do you follow.me moron!""""@ForQ2: @realDonaldTrump she trusted you, her mistake, you beat her out of her 500K, She was mean and trusted no-one. You're easy to beat!""""@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump I agree! She tried to ruin the good old Trump brand! You can not let her get away with it.""  TRUE!""""@PoemTrees: Counter sue for your loss of time if you want, but it might be easier to let it go~ Glad you won.. And had justice~""""@sonnset: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump She should sue her attorneys They knew she wasn't going to win with a binding contract.""""@darjar14: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump. Frivolous lawsuits are a BIG problem in this country and issue should be addressed"""I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages"The so called 87 year old ""lady"" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.""""@Chris_McNall: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations on win in Chicago today.  Thank you, this woman played the age card and made up a story."It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp, comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.@Kenkelly08Kelly  Thanks, I had a great time.@RealSonnyNewman  Pay attention and have fun.@Pourquoipas20 Happy Birthday!"""@MrWalrusQ: @moronwatch Here ya go. ""@gshuba: @realDonaldTrump Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon.""""@A380Jet: @realDonaldTrump Anthony Wiener couldn't pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be Mayor???""""""@leeboggs: @realDonaldTrump Turbines in US have killed many bald eagles w/o penalities.""""""@baker772: @realDonaldTrump What a great hotel!! I have stayed there twice, love it more and more every time.""""""@JCaavs: @realDonaldTrump as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016, I'd LOVE to make u my 1st vote. Run for president!""  So cute and nice.""""@asaadhutchinson: @realDonaldTrump how do you deal with haters?""  Laugh at them!""""@gshuba: @realDonaldTrump Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon, et al.""  True!""""@libbygaj: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE run for president in 2016 I will vote for you hands down""  Our Country needs help, and fast!""""@MC21701: @realDonaldTrump @jeff_lip is it true that it was your idea for Steve to name his company Wynn, or is that urban legend?""I helped""""@Sanfangas: @realDonaldTrump apparently you think you're funnier as well.@RealCoachHodge""  Actually I do, and I don't have writers!""""@YouAreNotDeep: @realDonaldTrump Thanks, Professor Trump.""  Dr John Trump, uncle, for many years at M.I.T. -good genes, I get it!"@SunnyJL52  True"""@mattcyr2312: @realDonaldTrump @Gurning_Chimp @bluejoni Wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment.""""""@RealCoachHodge: @realDonaldTrump has a much higher IQ than idiot John Stewart""   That's true, and by a lot.""""@jeff_lip: @realDonaldTrump what's your beef with Stevie Wynn?"" I have none, he is a friend of mine!""""@Gurning_Chimp: @realDonaldTrump @bluejoni No, YOU hate wind power as YOU think it'll mess with YOUR golf course."" That's true also!""""@Freesprite2: @realDonaldTrump @bluejoni like your golf course, which they fought tooth and nail!   And it's setting records, thanks!""""@chrisinspfld: @realDonaldTrump Your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more."" Thanks Chris:-)""""@bluejoni: @realDonaldTrump The Scots LOVE their wind power.  No, they hate that it is ruining their land (which it is).""""@dmacduff11: @realDonaldTrump What do you think of Mac Miller?"" Went platinum with Donald Trump song, 80 million hits, without my approval!"Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)@MarkEaston777   Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!@DJLoopsFruit  That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!@tubby511   They are dummies!"""@DonaldRumsfeld9: @realDonaldTrump @VanityFair @CondeNastCorp i hate those non food restaurants!""Graydon's food sucks, worst in town!""""@AboubacarMande: @realDonaldTrump courage big boss""  Always!"@markwonderful   Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife!@RassilonsArmy Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time."""@thegypsysons: @realDonaldTrump AWESOME DONALD, YOU RULE!""  Thanks, I loved being in Michigan!""""@mikepassmore: Big mistake! Wrong decision by @Lord_Sugar in #theapprentice - you need to take advice from @realDonaldTrump."@mikepassmore   So true Mike."""@KrissySummers88: @realDonaldTrump @TheOaklandPress Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!""""Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life."" - Golda Meir"@DawnieDeee   Hello Dawn.@TiffanyBrownInc  Yes and thanks..@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorpIf the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp, he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking."""Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong"" - Think Big". @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorpI can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Carter's contract............ Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorpThe Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!@EMTgoneNUTZ    Thanks TanjaOne season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next @ApprenticeNBC. Great news for charity--$13 million so far.Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!@JillToma  Hi Amy, see you soon.@Van_in_DC @DannyZuker  Thanks Van--so true.@christinefox02  See you later.@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Dennis--you were great--thanks!"""@KingBowzer: @realDonaldTrump you're a huge douche for picking Penn. I hope you Retweet this.""   I picked Trace, not Penn - are you drugged""""@BoydDee: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for hosting CelebApp to raise $$ for Charities like @RedCross working in OK now. Kudos 2 @TraceAdkins""""@lildarling928: @realDonaldTrump @traceadkins @apprenticenbc such great things have come from this show-see it working in OKC #redcross""""""@JessicaCarwile: @realDonaldTrump @traceadkins. We are so grateful for the Red Cross in OK today!! Thank you to Trace and to Mr. Trump!""""@BettyBlopper1: The standing O that LilJon received when @realDonaldTrump gave his charity $100k was so moving. Love celebrity apprentice!"""Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!@Nic_Keller @LilJon  Thanks.@CassandraJ0y @LilJon  Thank you.Everyone should go see @HatingBreitbart.  Great documentary showcasing @AndrewBreitbart’s legacy.@dave_twit29  Thanks Dave.@cous13  Thanks.@Y0landaRiggins  Thanks.@denicarter  Very nice Denise, thank you.@Holly_Looya @divermam Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck!@LilJon @AmDiabetesAssn  It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp, your mother would be very proud of you..@MELANIATRUMP, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp, I  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!@Itsyknowsbest Thanks!@beverly_buck  Great, enjoy the hotel."""@divermam: @realDonaldTrump I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.""""@13crazyjwd: @realDonaldTrump still in awe of what u did for lil Jon !!! Best night of good TV in years!!! God bless""""""@JohnMKelly1: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations on a great show &amp, season! It is wonderful how much money was raised for Charities.""""@LIgal629: @realDonaldTrump @mr_al_131 was a great show best yet congrats""""""@PCornibe: @realDonaldTrump You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night."" Thanks Peggy.""""@PSThaler: @realDonaldTrump dont agree with your politics, but respect your heart. Great gift to Lil John. Well done, sir."" I undetstand, T""""@mr_al_131: Was glued to@ApprenticeNBC all season one of my favourites @realDonaldTrump Great ending Amazing show! Thx Sir.""  Thank you.""""@borich1970: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on raising $13 million total for charity. Best Live Finale ever!! Looking forward to next season.""""@zp_3: @realDonaldTrump your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. #Trump2016""  Thanks.""""@GregVineyard1: @realDonaldTrump wonderful gesture to lil Jon, best celeb apprentice yet! Thanks for a great show Mr. Trump!""  Thanks""""@MsSamanatha: @realDonaldTrump Sir you just made me cry when you gave @LilJon that 100,000 that is why U ROCK! Thanks, the show was fun!""""@LovatoMJ: Not gonna lie, teared up a little when @realDonaldTrump gave 100k to @LilJon for his charity.""""""@RenelianNation: @realDonaldTrump best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to Lil' John's charity.""""@lisaloren11: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Amazing show! Much laughter and tears of joy! Thank you 💙"""Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity."""@bigicedaddy: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks""""@Thatchers_Child: @piersmorgan @TraceAdkins @pennjillette @realDonaldTrump... And much better than @Lord_Sugar's show!""  TRUE &amp, THANKS.""""@j_cohl: I'm kinda hoping that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump become the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE""""@debbiecraig817: @realDonaldTrump #BEST SHOW=HARD TOO TOP""    Thanks"@InaMaziarcz    Obama put up nothing, zilch!"""@Kingofgames3000: @realDonaldTrump the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king"" Cute"Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.@subirchowdhury   How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain)."""@Redcoat_Overkil: @realdonaldtrump But his hair is real!""  So is mine, asshole!"The cast for next season looks really good!@RebaForever58   Yes."""@bvmike: @realDonaldTrump something big and different tonight? Are you going to fire Penn and Trace, crown yourself The Apprentice?""""""@Carodimo: @realDonaldTrump Give us an anticipation of it, please.! Veni Vidi Vici.!""  You must see what happens at the very beginniing 9PM"Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happenHow badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?@leebandoni   Thanks Lee!@Lord_Sugar  Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail."""@danielrsimoes: @realDonaldTrump Here in Brazil, we set up a group to see the final of the Apprentice live. Hug and more Success for you""""""@john_candy_: @realDonaldTrump shut up he's a lord what are you ?""  I've always heard that ""titles"" can be easily bought-is this so?"@ToddFouche1    On that I would beat almost everyone!@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!@workplayeat   Thanks, only the haters disagree!@CraigHeff   I don't, he makes me money!Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!@sarahluvnyc   Thanks.@Subhana_Anwar   It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy!"""@CassHorowitz: @realDonaldTrump Im from England, and you're way better then that Alan Sugar...whoever he is""""""@Ozziemae: @realDonaldTrump I love that you speak whatever's on your mind. That is true courage. Living your truth.""""@sally_lawson: @realDonaldTrump love the phrase ""the harder I work, the luckier I get"" great book Donald"""@carlyvowell   Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!"""@DSlagle132: @realDonaldTrump there should be an All Star NBA No-Tattoo Team....would there be anyone available?"""@JedediahBila  Tell your aunt she is terrific!@omegaphoenix068  Rather amazing, wasn't it!"""@piersmorgan: Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed. #CNN""  But you told me I was the smartest (by far)!"I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp, wet.The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough &amp, nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp, @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.Just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact, the stoppers have become the abusers..@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp, charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.Congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!@CCV77   Thanks, very nice."""@funnsylvania: When is @realDonaldTrump going to finally get his own talk show? He would absolutely DESTROY the competition!""  Thanks-time!"Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season."""@Dstrick44: @realDonaldTrump @ricksmi54256322 You did run. And you had your ass handed you. Never ran stupid, but I wish I had-would have W"In other words, our military has a very big problem!Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop themI was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB"Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so ""politically correct"" or we won't have a Country to run anymore!""Many generals and military leaders are now saying ""I told you so!""  They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp, national sec."General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!"""@IcyJordan: @realDonaldTrump do you like LeBron as a player and person? @KingJames""  LeBron is a great player and a great guy!""""@jakeklopp24: @realDonaldTrump what's it like to be Donald Trump?""  Believe it or not, it ain't easy!""""@ahatwearer: @realDonaldTrump why are you suing an old lady?""  Because she is rich and owes me money - I am not stupid!"Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium."""@ChrisLeahey1: @realDonaldTrump Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?""  Sadly yes, but he will never be the same!""""@_Meagann: And @realDonaldTrump reminds me of my Grandpa -the smartest man I know.""  Wow, great!""""@MikeMessina_: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for President! He would be the best leader!""  Thanks Mike."@LCBeaudoin   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.@blakemharris   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!@joeypiazza   Way less - and you are soooo stupid!"""@ricksmi54256322: @realDonaldTrump i can't wait til ur president the world will be a better place"" If I ran and won, so true (&amp, thanks)!"Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!"""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Is that Zuker character still giving u a hard time? He isn't qualified to shine your shoes!"" ANOTHER DOPE!"@chrishansen   Good to see you also - I will be watching!"""@MzInvestigator: Great way to almost end the week. Tv night on the deck with my fav simply red TRUMP wine @trumpwinery @EricTrump TRUE!"@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew!@DylMyr  Go for it.@AnubisJudge  Happy Birthday!“The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan"""To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. "" - Think BIG"Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.  This Sunday’s LIVE Finale of @ApprenticeNBC is a historic matchup.  MUST SEE TV!@Billingsley29  Do what you love, work hard, keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck!@Corte74  It helped!@BrianSpurr Not too many around!@tbott22  Very true!@donna_1004 Perhaps so!@Janet_Carswell @samflaherty_  Thanks.@MikeFromTN @mcuban @JeremyPage3011 Thanks Michael.Obama &amp, his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.@Jared808 @commonguymd @AP True!@sarah_bales1 True and thanks.@Roddy_Brown Thanks!@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring"""@swayneonmain: @realDonaldTrump and how many people died on Bush and Cheneys watch? Talk about that."" I was never a fan, lots of mistakes.""""@birchtrees47: @realDonaldTrump cause there wouldn't be any scandals if you were in office..  TRUE-and no stupidity!""""@jsalzinger: @realDonaldTrump saw some of your testimony today, you ran circles around the prosecutor!""  Thanks."@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew.I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?"""@Jake_Clegg81: @realDonaldTrump is the man! @TheApprentice9 is the best show on TV!""  Thanks!""""@KiloBunch: @realDonaldTrump Much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious SOB out there. And I think you're great!""  Wow!"The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!"""@UsmanChodry: I never get y people hate @realDonaldTrump so much?coz they r not as succesful as him? #trump #theapprentice""  Thanks M!""""@nyc_bos: @realDonaldTrump - when are you going to announce your bid for 2016??""  Thanks for your nice thoughts-our Country is a mess!"@Debonairo That is true!"The ""lady"" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated  &amp, vicious. She made up a story &amp, plays the ""age card"" - bad!"I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!@AndyBarovick   Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!"""@byron400: RT @jsavino16 @realDonaldTrump played Trump national in Los Angeles yesterday. What an amazing place. THANKS!""""@AreL714: @realDonaldTrump Just went on a Donald J Trump necktie buying spree. Fantastic quality and design.""  At Macy's and thanks!""""Success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm."" - Winston  Churchill"Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of @AP...“Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin DisraeliThis Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC puts @pennjillette against @TraceAdkins. Watch two great competitors battle to win!32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?"""@HankDHaney: @realDonaldTrump it's great to have u in the game of golf, ur courses r all great, first class operations in great condition""""""@KarltheMarx: “@realDonaldTrump: I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.”"Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died..@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC.  Raising over $505K for @StJude, she made it to the Final Four.  Congrats Lisa.“Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch"""@BaronToutenberg: @realDonaldTrump Donald, would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #REDEYE @RedEyeFNC with @greggutfeld ????""  Yes."@TigerWoods GREAT playing, you are the best!@steveprecision1  Have fun #1."""@pellman11: @realDonaldTrump My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a RT for my hero.Love""""@DMurkowitz: Best part of my Monday morning commute @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends""  Thanks David!"I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW."""@CRCalderwood1: @realDonaldTrump What are your thoughts on Sergio?""  A great guy!""""@scienceinvestme: @realDonaldTrump hows this 4 gratitude 4saving their neck?Kuwait Airways 2 spend near $3B on 25 Airbus jets."@leechsam   Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!"""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump please say it isn't so and Apprentice is not cancelled""  Thanks and sleep well tonight!""""@CunninghamNY: . @realDonaldTrump clearly needs to run for president! Don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!"""You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!@RoySchuhmacher   Thanks!"""@RoySchuhmacher: @samahDanash I own a fitness business all over the the Bay Area on CA. So @realDonaldTrump has been a HUGE motivator."""Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!"""@Brock2120: @sethmeyers Your first guest has to be @realDonaldTrump. would be epic!""   First guest for what?"@PhilipMorrow  That would be great Philip!"""@MatthewSmales1: @realDonaldTrump is a great American a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy""""@chris_l54: @SPORTSGURU77 @tweetontilt @realdonaldtrump @mcuban If you real Art of the Deal, you'd know that Donald did it all on his own.""""""@samahDanash: Think big is the most amazing book I have ever read. @realDonaldTrump""""""@samahDanash: Every time I read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life. Think big @realDonaldTrump""""""@71Kristine: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for Fund Anything Mr. Trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. With hope""""""@TonyChalk1: @realDonaldTrump is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since ""Art of the Deal""came out in paperback."""@chris_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!@QFiveFarms Thanks and true!"""@JwalkerKid: @realDonaldTrump YOU WIN ON TV SHOWS HANDS DOWN YOU ARE A SUCCESSFUL PERSON ...... I LOVE ALL THE SHOWS U HAVE COME UP WITH""""""@chris_l54: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban Hadn't even heard of 'the benefactor' til Donald mentioned it. Big fail.. Donald wins the TV war.""""""@leebandoni: @realDonaldTrump time for you to instruct the BBC to replace him, he has the personality of a tea bag""""""@J4K9FLATLEY: @realDonaldTrump I have turned family and friends into #Apprentice fans. Nothing better""""""@WVUChemE: @realDonaldTrump The real shark tank is the boardroom on @ApprenticeNBC !""""""@seanheilweil: @realDonaldTrump damn you really like getting @mcuban fired up to squash you like a bug huh?"" He doesn't have the strength!""""@damiranz: @realdonaldtrump , i'm a Big Fan But Sometimes You just Need To Shut Up,you Talk Too Much""  Probably true, but I'm having fun!"@persvanstrom   Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline."""@theRealRyanMatt: @realDonaldTrump i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser?""  No, just a loser!"@mikeluis93 Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!@Lord_Sugar can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.@african11   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!@mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T.@BrianLynch @DurantRandy  Thanks, no wonder our Country is  in such trouble!@LennyDopkin   I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!"""@DurantRandy: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, some of these losers just don't get it. They need to look at why your on top."""@Patti0713   Thanks Patti.@nieldi   @Lord Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!@MaxVayner  Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!@caaataclysm   Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!@MaxVayner Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!"""@doralaquatics: @realDonaldTrump WooHoo! Have lived in Doral for 14 years and city is excited for Trump upgrades! WELCOME!"" Thanks!"@GuerrillaTycoon  Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from).@chef_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!"""@m_plem: @realDonaldTrump @lord Do you ever take the high road?"" When I'm dealing with garbage like @Lord Sugar, NO!""""@jshawknz: The only thing I ever watch on TV is @realDonaldTrump 's All Star Celebrity Apprentice. #truestory"""Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!"""@OCAmericans: I only watch @NBC once a week to watch @realDonaldTrump's Apprentice.  Great!"Leightweight @Lord Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy“It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.” - Albert EinsteinWhether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp, planning to grow.@feksbaby Very nice, thanks!"""@grtblankenship: @realDonaldTrump is definitely the best personality I follow on twitter. Inspiration and role model all together!"""@PennyStocksBlog You are 100% correct - thank you!"""@Jaybags9: @realDonaldTrump just been walking behind you boss! Liking the golf course and hotel in general! #Miami #Doral""  Will be great!"Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head..@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.I watched @todayshow this AM re: @MarthaStewart &amp, dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her.“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” - Peter DruckerSadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree."""@Chris_Nima: @realDonaldTrump Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??""  I'll take the third term!""""@samflaherty_: @realDonaldTrump I'd bet my life savings Obama has a higher IQ than you""  You would lose!""""@JoshRosenfield: .@realDonaldTrump And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING, MR. TRUMP."" Ask Obama!"A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!"""@bagshotrow: @realDonaldTrump which internet test told you this i would like to Match Wits With The Trumpster""  You wouldn't have a chance!""""@MadamSuzette: @realDonaldTrump U were right Jodi arias should Have listened to u""  Thanks, but I'm glad she didn't.""""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, do you support the death penalty?""  YES!"@MenaceSocietyUT   Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon."""@dlayphoto: @realDonaldTrump Is that why you’ve filed for bankruptcy numerous times?"" I never filed for bankruptcy asshole!"@JeremyPage3011 Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!"""@2go2there: @realDonaldTrump Remember that one time you came to @LibertyU ? That was cool of you - thanks!  I loved it - GREAT SCHOOL!""""@NJWineGeek: @realDonaldTrump but Jon Stewart has a much higher IQ.  Wrong, Jon Stewart(?) is an obnoxious lightweight with a lower I.Q."Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now, will it be life or death?"""@hotair25159: @realDonaldTrump lol.. Justice for Travis""   It shows that the legal system is still intact-good news!"Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your faultWhat do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a ChampionWe continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!@HowardSternJohn @DonaldJTrumpJr  No!It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything@abaldwin31 Thanks.People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).@SportsWalnuts   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!"""@rosannascotto: Why are you giving away money this am @realDonaldTrump ?""  Because so many people need help!""""@calikal69: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of @billmaher?""   I don't think of Bill Maher - and nobody else does either.""""@MarkDRucker1: @realDonaldTrump I wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. I only tear down losers.""""@jgarrett214: ""@PrayaHater: @realDonaldTrump Go on his show and teach him how its done!"" No joke writers.  He is soft and easy.""""@asmarks18: @realDonaldTrump I dont care for Stewart but do you ever shut up?""  I never give up!"Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!"""@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump I'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second."" Sorry, no-one else can satisfy her!""""@gdelag: @realDonaldTrump @rodmonium91 Just ck how many followers have each follower.  But I notice you follow loser-boredom without Trump!""""@jgarrett214: @realDonaldTrump you do realize that @ApprenticeNBC has raised MILLIONS for great charities, right? #celebapprentice""  YES!""""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?""  No,I'm too cheap!""""@Suzmo816: @realDonaldTrump She could share an apartment with Casey Anthony!""  Very witty but not very funny!"@valentino_jimmy   That's cool, I agree!@RealSonnyNewman   Thanks Sonny!"""@JoshIs: Super happy to #unsubscribe @realDonaldTrump now that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk, do it asshole!""""@sherlock1313: .@realDonaldTrump Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at?""  No, absolutely nothing!"@ChrisHarmsWI   Thanks Chris!@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!"""@Heaveenly: @realDonaldTrump how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers""  Great-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! ."Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me)."""@TroyMoe1: @realDonaldTrump mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016""""""@NickBrinley: @realDonaldTrump If they're ""unreported,"" how do you know there's 26,000 of them?""  Reported tonight by all major newscasts."Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense"""@Fresh_Entertain: @realDonaldTrump do you ever go to the isle of Lewis?""  Yes, great place-my wonderful mother was born there!"The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp, women together?"""@TweesTweets: @realDonaldTrump Do people ever call you Donny?""  YES.""""@artlab: @realDonaldTrump Still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing.  You must be kidding joker!"“Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.” -- Bruce LeeTrump @DoralResort’s renovations are on schedule.  With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely.The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump TowerKeep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!"""@opensezme: @realDonaldTrump and there's a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then""""""@DigitalPianoMan: @realDonaldTrump You do more good just commenting on Twitter than most haters do their whole lives"""26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be..@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry @SHAQ's jock."""Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit."" - Conrad Hilton"Benghazi was a massive cover up..@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men, she’s sharp and tough.The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East..@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her."""@SinCityVinnie: @realDonaldTrump #celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television.""   THANKS!"Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!"""@NUNOSINAUSTIN: @realDonaldTrump celebrity apprentice tonight! Final two? Penn &amp, Little John, that's my guess..""  Watch what happens,9 P.M.""""God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better."" --Rev. @BillyGraham""When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity."" JFK"Looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DCTime magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!As I’ve said many times before, Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is highly overrated.Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it.If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp, legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!What’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.Amazing how the haters &amp, losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original &amp, like no one else is doing it...“Most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” The Art of the Deal"""@Wolfrum: @GoAngelo Remember when @realDonaldTrump was going to sue you?  I can't sue him-my shirts and ties are doing great at Macy's!"It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC's task will separate the winners from the losers."""@DanProctor11: I may strongly disagree with @realDonaldTrump's politics but he makes one hell of a dress shirt""  At a great price at Macy's""""@HarrietBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump @deedeegop What happened to ""turn the other cheek?""  Sorry, not a believer!"@roysj   Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp, false low int.“Always get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – Think Big"""@s__nguyen: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. We need more leaders like you!""Thanks""""@scottygam: @realDonaldTrump Jon Stewart calls you F**ckface Von Clownstick. What's that all about?"" He's an overrated asshole-total phoney""""@pzarrella21: @realDonaldTrump I don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. #getalife. LOSERS!""""@Angelkakes: @realDonaldTrump love you. Need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in @whitehouse #failed"" Thanks!""""@Jhonatanjansson: Just watched speaches from #cpac @realDonaldTrump and @marcorubio did great""    Thank you!"“How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.” –   Think Like a BillionaireTurn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.  This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.Call @MELANIATRUMP today on @QVC  at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!My wife, Melania, will be on @QVC today @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mother’s Day—call in!@nikkio  True!@marie_marshallx @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks.@miamarrazza Work really hard &amp, think smart!@adb1707 @TrumpTowerNY @THEGaryBusey Good point!With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.. @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. It’s a shame Chris’ are even worse. Sad to see.All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp, others)Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets"""@broadflameec: @dblsolo7 @hdiallo @BarrieLouise @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump Small man. Large ego.""  No, large man 6'3"". Large ego!"@salefisher - Jordan is great!"""@anthonyeding: No doubt the @realDonaldTrump would have been a better president than Obama""   TRUE!"@hdiallo   Why do you follow me creepy stalker?@JohnQuinsay   When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry).@AxlRose1996   Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!"""@zack_21: @realDonaldTrump @hdiallo @dblsolo7 class act there donald. How dare u call this beautiful women these names. You said beautiful?""""@MisterEspinal: You see, this man right here has me as his number one fan forever! Inspirational, Real, a Success! @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks""""@teaparty321: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president in 2016, I hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it."" No doubt!""""@hdiallo: @dblsolo7 @realDonaldTrump That hair is a hot mess &amp, shows he gas no class or style!""   Yea, you're a real beauty!"@PatrickMendezNV   Great idea - did you see their list, a joke!"""@PatrickMendezNV: They're going to make you their @TIME person of the year in attempt to silence you.  They are not smart enough to do that"Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!@Drake4444444    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!@Neviah_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case"""@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right?""  Because they don't want to!"@CraigSJ   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?"""@shiveringgoat: @realDonaldTrump These poor guys were PROVEN INNOCENT!  Oh really,  weren't these ""poor guys"" mugging other people in Park?""""@MrWayneRock: @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great""""@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump So true, from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump.""  Really cool!"“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe RuthOil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!"Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the ""power 100"" list in NY......"....... I disagree, but it's still cool.Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)"""@DCGiesII: Maybe @realDonaldTrump was right about his course being better than Quail Hollow""  Trump National-Charlotte is better than Q.H.""""@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day""YES!""""@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day""""""@steveturk182: @realDonaldTrump what is your favorite book that you have authored?""  Art of the Deal!""""@jamescoleman07: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! YOU define SUCCESS! THANK YOU!""   Very nice-thanks""""@Joe_Mangieri: Going to @Macys this weekend to get @realDonaldTrump ties! What's your favorite color Mr. Trump?""  Blue but all are great!""""@JwalkerKid: @realDonaldTrump IT'S AMAZING HOW YOU KEEP YOUR SUCCESS GOING THIS FAR KEEP IT UP !!""  Thanks!""""@koos32: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on all your success! You are a great role model!""   Thanks!""""@Keegs_Dad: @realDonaldTrump I've been a fan of yours for almost 25 years""    Wow, great!""""@AlbertoSidney: @realDonaldTrump excellent service #Doral""  Thanld."@naunie_b       sarcasm dummy!"""@tdudz5: @marinedad20 @realdonaldtrump sure you do! Celebrity Apprentice is nothing without Trumps influence.""   True and thanks!""""@Thaddalicious: @realDonaldTrump I love you""   Thanks!""""@angryjustint: @realDonaldTrump is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs!""  Thanks Justin and work hard!""""@ELewie1994: @realDonaldTrump Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?""  Up to Vince M.""""@FillingerJoanne: @realDonaldTrump you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFF""  Thanks Joanne!""""@BearMountainCR: @realDonaldTrump Did you ever think you would have a TV series outside of R.E.?""  Never!""""@gharo34: @realDonaldTrump Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!""Much higher than both""""@royroper: @realDonaldTrump we need to get the unemployed back to work.""  That is a big part of the answer!"@Stiles_Dub   @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!"""@DeannaSpillyard: @realdonaldtrump You are a very wise man Mr. T! Love your tweets.""  Thanks.""""@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump @liljon @apprenticenbc you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t.  That is true!"""Once again @LilJon has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star @ApprenticeNBC. He is a great competitor.Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend..@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!@Colvio117  Thanks!"""@BridgetGonzale3: @realDonaldTrump I mean seriously come on, Donald Trump is the coolest guy ever.""  Thanks, but easy against the losers!"@DannyZuker  Night loser!@JonNeumeister     Dopey, I've won them all.@ShawnGarrett   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job.                    ,"""@PureManhattan: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Id rather support The Don than some clown. Just saying. Danny, you are a clown.Yes and loser!"@realDonaldTrump   Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!"""@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump that punk's jealous of ya mr. trump @DannyZuker is not worth the time of day! He prolly wants media attn-True!""""@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump @neddust when will people wake up and realize Trump was one of Bush's biggest critics! Blind people!""  TRUE!""""@mierz1824: @realDonaldTrump Have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone?""  No!""""@kilgorecf: Dang @DannyZuker v @realDonaldTrump has been too good.""   No, too easy-Danny is a dummy!""""@jtan_from_ott: @realDonaldTrump would ever have a loser like @dannyzuker on the apprentice? His stupidity could be funny. Interesting!""""@bdbender1: @realDonaldTrump it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in Iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife."@mtshastacola   Happy birthday!@IvanGH   Great taste!"""@Horse_75: @realDonaldTrump real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so.""  All politics-windfarms are in big trouble-I will win!""""@shillelagh2: @realDonaldTrump @tomspiglanin @TrumpNationalLA if its good enough for The Donald it should be ok for me"" Directly on Pacific"@OMGguy18    Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better.@VincentYanni   I agree, Modern Family sucks!"""@NedDust: @realDonaldTrump bush was ur boy""  Wrong!""""@NNNmrk: @realDonaldTrump You need to write another Time to Get Tough Book. It'll be another new york times best seller."" GOOD IDEA!""""@PyperProblems: @realDonaldTrump someone needs to fire @DannyZuker !""  He will fire himself-a total loser!"@FakeBriWilliams   Thank you!@DanielRobinsMD.   @Lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!"""@DaltonStoltz: @realDonaldTrump 2.1 Mil. Followers vs. @DannyZuker 189 Thous. @realDonaldTrump is WINNING! #GreaterInfluence He has nothing"Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!@SiegristA  Thanks!@harry_vickers @DannyZuker @ApprenticeNBC Thanks!@richardroeper Keep dreaming!I just sent @THEGaryBusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it..@DannyZuker Don't lie, @ApprenticeNBC was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!"""One hit wonder @DannyZuker"", I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!".@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!.@ApprenticeNBC  Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!"""Failed show @DannyZuker"" season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....".... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.@DannyZuker".@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is ""stacked"" with failures."“Failed show @DannyZuker” I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprenticeMechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprenticeGreat boardroom. #CelebApprenticeDo you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprenticeMaybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprenticeGreat memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprenticeBoardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprenticeWhat did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg?  Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice.@IvankaTrump is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice.@THEGaryBusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprenticeLooks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice.@THEGaryBusey doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprenticeDo you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to “step up” as PM?  I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprenticeHere’s @Joan_Rivers. She &amp, @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprenticeWe have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice"""@KSofen: @realDonaldTrump I bought one of your ties at Macy's as a gift. Loved it and it was hard to choose just one. Nice designs - Thanks""""@mlnluis: @THEGaryBusey @realDonaldTrump gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!""  So are you!""""@ClevelandGuy70: @realDonaldTrump Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump #CelebApprentice""  Thanks!""""@xbreanne469: @realDonaldTrump love your show!!!""    Thanks.""""@kayyyygeeeee: Seeing @realDonaldTrump's face makes my Sunday night wonderful""  Thanks Krista!""""@vanillakissesxx: @realDonaldTrump Love you and love the show!! :)""  Thanks S!"@WIBWAriana    9?.  Thanks."""@kwindlan32: Are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on @CelebApprentice, @realDonaldTrump ?""  Yes, big time!"@Core15   Thanks.@Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on NBC."""@jeffpawlik: It's @CelebApprentice night. Can't wait! @realDonaldTrump""  Great Jeff - a full two hours, 9 P.M. on NBC.""""@abethbyr: Im SO ready for an awesome #allstar @CelebApprentice tonight! Bring it @realDonaldTrump @TraceAdkins @lisarinna @THEGaryBusey""""""@Verniceblahblah: @realDonaldTrump trump hotels are the best!!!""  I AGREE AND THANKS!"@DBradleyRI   You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!"""@byrne_man: @realDonaldTrump bought a Trump shirt for a wedding I went to last fall, I looked awesome.""  I'll bet you did!""""@yrj77s: @realDonaldTrump Your clothing line is excellent.Thanks."I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)"Marble mouth @tombrokaw asks ""why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?"" BORING TOM"Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady   Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  I now tell people it is a great time to buy"""@lucysmommichele: @realDonaldTrump Gary Busey cracks me up! He definitely has a different outlook on life! Thanks for The Apprentice!"" Nice""""@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Wake up Donald, the world is awaiting your wisdom .""  I know, such a burden.""""@KingofRough: @realDonaldTrump Seriously wonder if you like Chinese people? Not talking about its gov.""  I really like the Chinese people.""""@GauravK725: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by Mr. Trump. And its still growing!"" TRUE!""""@MirandaKroughh: @realDonaldTrump I love you and I think you're funny.""  Sooooo sweet, thanks!""""@piximania: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump! I'm from South Africa and I just love your tweets!! You're the best!""  Thanks."The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!"""@ThisNBAgirl: @realDonaldTrump Are you still scared of @mcuban Trump?""  Nobody is scared of Mark-he is a short ball hitter!""""@Janie_Sears: @realDonaldTrump One day I will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream (and become) BIG!""  Great going Janie!""""@CMHeel: @realDonaldTrump do like Mexico?""   Yes, but they make a fortune off the U.S.  Their leaders are far better negotiators than ours.""""@SnarfGuard: @realDonaldTrump is responding so... I remember meeting him when i was a valet at #Trump National in NJ before it opened."" Wow""""@MustardTiger33: @realDonaldTrump - Hey, Mr. Trump, do you like Canada??"" Love Canada and its people!""""@ToddZ64: @realDonaldTrump I love it when you are on Letterman. You keep him on his toes. Hope you are on his show again soon."" I WILL BE!""""@jTheCollegeKid: @realDonaldTrump @joooooojaah Shut up Trump I'm unfollowing you""  Great, but you won't stop loser-you have no control!""""@THEsal_sortino: @realDonaldTrump can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model!""  Hello Sal""""@sad__mom: @realDonaldTrump when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think ""success""""Wow!""""@JohnRMcCabe: @realDonaldTrump deserves to be President of the United States of America""  Thanks John, we need someone Really good (great)."@dogs4peace Very cool!"""@firephoto67: @realDonaldTrump Big fan Mr. Trump, always have been. Keep up the good work""  Thanks Woody!""""@SeanBogatin: Donald 4 president.. Time 4 a real change!! #Gotmyvote @realDonaldTrump""  THANK YOU!""""@joooooojaah: @realDonaldTrump is my favorite twitter account""  Thanks!""""@heyitsjxo: @realDonaldTrump you're my idol""  Thanks."@masotam   Police records, signed confessions and more?"""@Sam_Kotowski: Once again @realDonaldTrump does a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! RT I'm a huge fan!!!"" Thank you!"What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?"""@gretawire: @realDonaldTrump wow! What a nice comment......thank you!""  But 100 per cent true-and you will get great ratings tonight!"@DanScavino Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!@gretawire-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).@JimDaniell30809 @DaveCentrist True!@Katietennis1223 Thanks, everyone loves it.@LetsBeckRush A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!@piano807 Wow!@HRdiva_NY Thanks.@AndreasBoos Very true!@loverofthecross I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.@Mbathani_Inc Much can be done and it would be easy!@alan_ashe No, they have no guts.@Nautilus916 True!“Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.” – Think Like a ChampionIgnorance is inexcusable, it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.“When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - J. P. MorganOften times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp, expect success.Get ready for fireworks...@Joan_Rivers &amp, @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robert’s ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing.Can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @THEGaryBusey continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sunday’s Celebrity All-Star @ApprenticeNBC.To be in charge, you have to take responsibility, you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo.@frankibe I certainly did--in spades.@afolasoji So true.@DbagsLoveMe I will, thanks!We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.Pervert Alert! Serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a “tool.” Parents,make sure your children have him blocked.Weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what NYC needs, a pervert Mayor.@mschrock4 I never went bankrupt, you dope!@Abtheproducer Maybe Obama?Wow, I’m at 2,200,000  followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters &amp, losers—they’re such a waste of time!@Ashley33331 True, but the losers don't know that--thanks.@thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes Thanks--the haters &amp, losers know that too....What is wrong with this story? Isn’t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp, a Brinks guard..."""@ASanders836: @realDonaldTrump what would you feel about Jeb Bush running for president in 2016?"" The last thing we need is another Bush!""""@DaveCentrist: @realDonaldTrump The most over-rated person on the planet, Donald J. Trump. Except by himself. Why do you follow loser?""""@zachfelber: @realDonaldTrump best advice my great uncle Egon Dumler ever gave you??""  Invest in real estate-Egon was a great lawyer &amp, guy."@GauravK725   Thanks.@DurantRandy   Thanks."""@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @sheckiezx @kristinaoakes go on the daily show then and prove yourself."" I would triple his ratings-nice no."@pokerswayne  Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!@TheSportsSwede You are so stupid!@daytradersfx  That is true.@TatorJuice   Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him."""@sheckiezx: @realDonaldTrump @kristinaoakes Only a moron would overrate him! He's overrated, and morons don't make more than 9 billion $'s.""""@jamie461: @realDonaldTrump @thedailyshow Looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh."" He wouldn't have a chance!""""@NearBatman: @realDonaldTrump You aRe my favoUrite! Someday U Could be prez. How About a rt Good luck.""""@kristinaoakes: @realDonaldTrump No, you're overrated.""  By who, a moron lile you!""""@GabiOliver26: @realDonaldTrump @maffucci93 My 17th bday is tomorrow :D plzzzz will u retweet me...""  Happy B-day!""""@JeffRuben1: @realDonaldTrump I hear the billions calling my name, you'll be hearing about me in a few years. #waterturbinetopower"" Great!""""@raider_level: @realDonaldTrump is one of my role models."" Thanks!""""@NeilWhinhamPGA: @RealDonaldTrump If you were a Golf Professional where in the world would you set up your business?"" Doral in Miami."@HayJayP26   Work hard!"""@asaadhutchinson: @realDonaldTrump @maffucci93 Dream large, take charge""  True-do it!""""@maffucci93: @realDonaldTrump up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!!""  That's great - go get 'em!".@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen..@VattenfallGroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournalThe Council is concerned over the health &amp, safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournalThe Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournalThe entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal@Chadillac107 True and thanks!“The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.”  - Steve JobsI believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted, everybody is suing him, he’ll have nothing left@Tokodi1  See Trump Tower!@DPMurphy93 That's true--they all ask!By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp, @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?As everybody knows, but the haters &amp, losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp, packed—really cool to see &amp, many are saying the greatest golf course ever built."""@Maddie_Rene: @realDonaldTrump trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks""""@_Hub__: @realDonaldTrump: Grew up in family business at a time when passion &amp, competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive"The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?"""@CindyKempl: @realDonaldTrump : Mr Trump, I personally enjoy your tweets! Some are very informative! Thank you for your words of wisdom!"""Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!@ruralbeeffarmer   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!"""@Tsheppe: @realDonaldTrump I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win!""   Go get 'em!""""@maddiknick: @realDonaldTrump makes me laugh. I'm so glad I found him on Twitter. I'll always be a fan! #Trumptastic"" Thanks!""""@TEAM_ACKMANN: i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowing @realDonaldTrump and following Mac Miller.You'll be bored and back very fast!""""@TEAM_ACKMANN: @realDonaldTrump how do you really feel about Mac Miller?  He used my name without my permission and song became a Great hit""""@Mimekiller: @realDonaldTrump this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson?"" Oh, I guess I'm not a racist!""""@WLynton: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you?"" They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!""""@WeskusOuma: @realDonaldTrump What other attacks?""  Read the transcripts etc.""""@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump they were ""wildin"", they were creating a nuisance..and they were viciously attacking and robbing people?""""@mtomassetti22: @realDonaldTrump so should the makers of this documentary be fired?"" No, but they should state the true facts-no angels!""""@Bostonred: @realDonaldTrump Where is the evidence ?"" All over the place!""""@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!,""""@Fun_Foy: @realDonaldTrump Didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime?"" Yes, but they committed other attacks!"@RamboFo  Great!@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!"""@Buford330Leon: @realDonaldTrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is not a match, Go Mr Trump.""  Thanks, I will.""""@britonian: @realDonaldTrump lol ur delusional. He's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!!"" Wrong dummy-no.contest!""""@Ilovethejays: @realDonaldTrump I'm finally all caught up w #celebapprentice #loveitloveit""  Great!""""@Jenil93_: @realDonaldTrump No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica""""@carolbell04: @realDonaldTrump this season of the appentance is great""   Thanks!""""@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back!"" That won't happen without new leadership!""""@EllaMaeBe: @realDonaldTrump @11sheila11 but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... I would die without it!!""  And so would others!"@DoroMundo   Thanks!"""@backupwraith: i firmly believe that @realDonaldTrump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all.""A great compliment!"In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get."""@SCardamenis: @realDonaldTrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is MUCH smarter than you. Jon L isn't even close!""""@SupadupaNycee: @realDonaldTrump but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children"" - who were brutally attacking people in Park!""""@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled @realDonaldTrump anti-windfarm ad misleading""  Not misleading, very truthful!"The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park"@bitchforshort  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these ""innocent"" boys were doing?""""@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled @realDonaldTrump anti-windfarm ad misleading. Political ruling to save joker Salmond"@GerhardM_com   Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it)."""@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @11SHEILA11 Please run for president, Jon Stewart would destroy you!""  Jon (L) is not smart enough!"@GinaCHaley   They devalue everything, stupid!@penguin_rob  like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!"""@11SHEILA11: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you just get in there and run for President? you got all our votes""  Thanks!"@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.@jon_fullerton   No, the Chinese will make them!"""@Lrac_Samoht: @realDonaldTrump ... And now Ur an expert on gun control ... Is there anything Ur not an expert on?   No!"North Carolina’s most exclusive club, @Trump_Charlotte’s features @SharkGregNorman designed golf course, which fronts the biggest lake in NCWill @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?Sexting Pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!.@AlexSalmond, don’t worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!This past Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!I’ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs, especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly.It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming?“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - Gen. George S. PattonIn three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp, totally destroy the environment in which they sit."""@Lantern153: @realDonaldTrump I'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. You are nuts!""""@adamkellydeals: @realDonaldTrump - you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read"" Thanks Adam!"@jamezypell   Yes!“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston ChurchillIf your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you.  You want their respect, not their friendship.Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?@MarkkCole  Happy Birthday Mark..@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Gary is shifty and playing to win.@pjkorman @ClutchBa11er Great wife!@willowfrantn @BelmontUniv Great!.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him, Mr. President—hang tough!The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza..@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp, just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac!@TheNordicBroad Thank you.@jaypeemoney Los Angeles or Scotland!"""@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump!"" Thanks, very nice!"@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!"""@macgecko: @wsquared58 @realdonaldtrump @fastfranky5 @macy @goangelo Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look, feel, quality""""""@ClutchBa11er: @realDonaldTrump I know you wear mainly Brioni ties. That's wrong, I wear Trump ties that are sold at Macy's.""""@fastfranky5: @realDonaldTrump @macy @goangelo Donald - they are top notch, I have a dozen or so #Quality""  Thanks, people love them!"Me, by a lot!"""@Doctor_Trey: @realDonaldTrump I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks, we run a background check on him."" Very interesting"Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes)."""@macgecko: @realDonaldTrump @macy @goangelo Love your ties Donald! They are quality and I own many! #menswear"" Thank you!"@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!"""@Shootar401: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016""  Thank you!""""@angrycrank: @realDonaldTrump You are a terrible human being.""  That's only because you don't know me!"My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprenticeGeorge also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprenticeGeorge Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice"Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of ""Buseyisms""!"Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprenticeFor you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprenticeThis assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprenticeThis assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprenticeGeorge Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice.@TraceAdkins isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already... #CelebApprenticeHow stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprenticeI hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!Everybody loves @bretmichaels! He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp, rightly so.Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprenticeWhat do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!"Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, ""speak to my lawyers."""Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape!If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill."""@bracybuilders: @realDonaldTrump just a playboy"@CoachClintSwan  Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!"""@ajbarker50: @realDonaldTrump do you try to make everything about you?""  YES!"@NextLevelStoner   Great!You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common senseDidn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATHWhen the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings"I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as ""the suspect""."The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his assI just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t"""@JoeTran19: @realDonaldTrump how do u feel about Marco Rubio?""  Drinks too much water!""""@DJmikeLNY: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump? How can people hate such a brilliant person?""  It is hard to believe, isn't it! (Thanks).""""@Cheban42: @realDonaldTrump how did u feel Bout Mitt??""  Very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters!""""@tcorbitt20: @realDonaldTrump don't forget George W Bush, too. It's all his fault"" No Republican hit Bush as hard as I did!""""@borland_jim: @realDonaldTrump Can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in Canada that sell your Apparel"" Will get back to you!""""@MeganEHolstein: @realDonaldTrump your family is inspiring - rags to riches in three generations. God Bless America."" Thanks Megan!"@PierceCorey   Great going!Sorry,  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S."""@murmiles: @realDonaldTrump Sir, will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at Doral, or sticking with a contractor?  In house!""""@garthdahdah: What was @realDonaldTrump greatest accomplishment this week?"" Employing thousands of people!""""@Lumberportal: @realDonaldTrump I don't think the haters or losers bother Donald one bit haha. Do they affect you in anyway?"" No!""""@Jarius_Rembert: @realDonaldTrump has a lot of haters."" Not haters, losers!""""@davidpylejr: @realDonaldTrump @edincamera2 @alphatreblesix you're not really smart Mr. Trump, you're an F-ing genius!"" I.Q. tests confirm!""""@ShaneFontaine7: @realDonaldTrump what a great fragrance success is. Love the sentiment and it lasts all day. Thanks Donald"" No, thanks @S.""""@FilmRod83: @realDonaldTrump What house makes your cologne? I'm going to Macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne! The best!"" Thanks!"@cjdew67  Thanks!"""@Edincamera2: @AlphaTrebleSix @realdonaldtrump It's saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich.""  Perhaps I'm really smart?""""@crazygreentiger: @realDonaldTrump its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place."" Oh, I see, it's my fault!""""@UnitedINDaKing: @realDonaldTrump If my little girl was old enough for Twitter, I *would want* her to be able to follow you. Smart parent!""""@_ayooPRINCESS: . Many people dislike @realDonaldTrump but the man is the man and I can't lie 👍 .""  So true!""""@Atom_Murray: Getting ready for Brian Williams to publicly humilate @realDonaldTrump on national television again.Brian is not smart enough""""@kmcs1957: @realDonaldTrump I love when you get your Haters all twisted up. You would make another gazillion $ as a comedian #love you!""""""@NuccioKing: If he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. RT.  He is white dummy! What have you been taking!""""@alixandra_k: @realDonaldTrump I love you! Run for president and save this country!!!! #trumpforpresident""  It needs saving!"Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!"""@Justin_Majoy: @realDonaldTrump this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence""  You are too kind!""""@jschmeezz23: @realDonaldTrump in my opinion you are the best human being ever!"" I like that better-thank you!""""@MattWeaver_21: @realDonaldTrump You are, quite literally, the worst human being ever."" Thank you!"Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!"""@mikeohio2323: @rob_bieber @realdonaldtrump Tell the victims and their families about this guy's rights.  Terrible!""""@sverriss: @realDonaldTrump what good will killing him/her do?"" He'll never kill again-and others will start to think about consequences!""""@The_INDYpendent: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Anthony Weiner can serve as editor in chief!"" But then @CNN would become X-rated!"Get ALL the info,  then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind."""@daveinfinland: @realDonaldTrump I just watched the #youvebeentrumped documentary. It was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace!".@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp, get back to reporting!@MarlboroStan You've got it mixed up.  Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.Lots of comments—Do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?The @FBIPressOffice, police &amp, others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign “What’s Your BIG 5?” on All-Star @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday.Being tough doesn’t mean being nasty, difficult, or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up.“Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.” – Think Like A ChampionPervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.@ace_stef Great, thanks.@Gabagul_ Hi Dan and good luck!“One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – Midas TouchThe reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!@lanele123 Thank you."""@MeWonderful2: @realDonaldTrump @Rockinar @mtneerjustice LOLss. I wonder if the false info comes from ""hate"" OR just lack of knowledge.Hate""""@Rockinar: @realDonaldTrump @mtneerjustice Trump does not own the hotel. He just licensed him name out for it."" Wrong, I own the hotel!""""@PatrickBlackbrn: @realDonaldTrump @MattMoran50 He tried last cycle and failed miserably. Never ran yet lead in the pols you moron!""""@MattMoran50: The day @realDonaldTrump runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again""  Wow, thank you!""""@mtneerjustice: @realDonaldTrump My husband and I went to Las Vegas in August and stayed at the Trump Hotel. We loved it!   That's great!""""@RogerLMenard: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...Your an inspiration to everyone."" Thank you!""""@Ailor424: @realDonaldTrump Prez shows more anger about US Senate not passing guns bill than he does about the Boston bombing. Interesting!""""@NickTripp86: @realDonaldTrump @rodmonium91 What is the most important lesson you've learned in business?"" Never give up!""""@simonlise: @realDonaldTrump @maggie101956 if he had gone, you would have criticized him for leaving the Boston issue unresloved"" Wrong!""""@ILOVEBRITNEY_7: @realDonaldTrump could you run for president ? We need you!""  We need someone!""""@Slave4Suzi: @KatrinaDeVita I highly recommend you follow @realDonaldTrump if you don't already. The man's a genius."" Thank you!""""@Arseburgers: @realDonaldTrump @itsHODAIFA When you die the world will be better""  Very nice - you sound like a really wonderful person!""""@scheekster: @realDonaldTrump @trumpgolfla it is an amazing place! Will be playing there in a tournament June 3 can't wait!""  Win!""""@LRod421: @realDonaldTrump @MLB @Yankees what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. Pay it or contess it""  Contest?""""@billf227: @realDonaldTrump staying at Doral tonight. Can't wait to see it after the Trump renovations""  It will be amazing!""""@knaweiny21: @realDonaldTrump Love everything that you stand for! You are a brilliant man!"" Thank you!"@UnitedContractF  Interesting and true."""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman?"" Work really hard and smart!""""@maggie101956: @realDonaldTrump Donald...he couldn't go to Thachers funeral??? Am I the only one outraged???""  No!""""@itsHODAIFA: @realDonaldTrump I wish someday i would be like you! You're my inspiration! Keep up the good work.   Thanks!""""@blakeamorrow: @realDonaldTrump ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir.""  Great, hopefully soon!""""@kayceelaw: @realDonaldTrump A great mind...And a role model."" Thanks!""""@theimpregnable: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?.""  Love of my family, Country and work!"Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.Druggie A-Rod, @MLB’s biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @Yankees would have voided his contract.@GauravK725  Great!@blake1swanson Thanks.It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.@sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @ApprenticeNBC  I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China.  He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.@KathyLooper Thanks.Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.@Y0itsbeau Well, I would make America great again.@handyrachet Flattery!@puffy61 @Real_LukasHall Thanks.@dandeloof @mcuban Wrong--he started it, I finished it!@MusicByEthan Thank you.@LUSHPILLAI @TrumpLasVegas Thanks.@LarryRobertWyat Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!@BeaumontAnthony Thanks."""@Real_LukasHall: Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately @realDonaldTrump""  That's great!""""@Doug_E_Fresh2: @realDonaldTrump is definitely a legend. A real man among men.""  Thanks Doug, I like you tooooo!""""@slabrunojr: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyskwiat @QueyNewton Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!""  Wrong moron, the opposite times 4.""""@_KateMorgan_: I'd say @realDonaldTrump is a legend""  I work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks!""""@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump His opponent should not agree to any debates as I am sure he is a master.""  Re me?  Thanks!""""@anthonyskwiat: @QueyNewton @realdonaldtrump ya because mark Cuban is an arrogant punk compared to Donald who's a living legend"" Thanks!"@ccade937 Thank you.@DannyOjedaOKC  Thanks.@lesterwge  Thank you.I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from..@alexsalmond  RT @islandbluenose You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.@adamjackson73  Yes.The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.Congratulations to @Boston_Police, @FBIBoston &amp, all emergency first responders &amp, doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday@AscotCarRental  I know Adam--he's a great player &amp, great guy!It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.@Yazzeruk Very nice--thanks.@terryvanburen @TheRealMarilu @ApprenticeNBC .@TheRealMarilu will be happy--she's also a great person.@oparinde Macy's will be happy--and so am I.@mrmikeyharrison You will love it!@emilyplacido @foxandfriends @IvankaTrump Thanks.I’ve known @hardball_chris for a long time &amp, sadly, he gets dumber each &amp, every year--&amp, started from a very low base..@hardball_chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp, so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday..@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right."""@NYCJennie: @realDonaldTrump would you mind retweeting this flier please. You could help me save 4 year old Jayden's life! Go Jayden!"We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.Despite firing @StephenBaldwin7 in last night's All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, Stephen had strong overall performance this seasonFrom 10-11 pm, @ApprenticeNBC ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprenticeWill be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!"""@PashaRozay: Ivanka Trump is the best thing @realDonaldTrump ever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice""""@ronettekite: @realDonaldTrump, @IvankaTrump DOES look great! Shes stunning, intelligent, a true role model for many women. True-fhank you!""""@JFordEureka: Love the ties! Where can I get them? @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump #celebapprentice"" Macy's!"Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprenticeWho do you think is going home? #CelebApprenticeProduct integration is very important. #CelebApprenticeI’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprenticeGreat shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprenticeDo you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprenticeWhat is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprenticeIt's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprenticeBased on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice"""@jeffreybigmoney: @realDonaldTrump Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!".@pennjillette doesn’t like @StephenBaldwin7’s cliché line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprenticeWhat would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice“A vampire with a day pass?”  We are in @THEGaryBusey land. #CelebApprentice.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprenticeIt’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprenticeA lot of comments re @MELANIATRUMP vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprenticeGet ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!"""@T_Colello: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Korea wouldn't be messing with us #Trump2016""  100% correct!"@adamscott - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!"""@MSKIBBS1: @realDonaldTrump The only way we can save America in 2016 will be if you run for President."" Thank you!"Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!"""@willise2n: @realDonaldTrump u r a hero to us in Nigeria/ Africa. Wen r u visiting us nxt? It wld be a dream come true to meet  Really nice""""@thelambdizzle: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump are we 2 hours tonight?"" Yes.""""@mforbes326: Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice! Let's do this Gary! I hope he wins tonight. @realDonaldTrump""""""@IamTimClancy: @realDonaldTrump....please save our America....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail."" True!"Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9"""@WWinmill: @realDonaldTrump Canada loves you Donald!"" Thanks!""""@alumadrifter: @realDonaldTrump @gameexpress1 I'm calling it for Jason day"" He probably just blew it!""""@Kyle_j91: @realDonaldTrump If the US asked for reimbursement for defense and the Koreans declined, then what?  Let's rebuild the U.S.!""""@akd100: @realDonaldTrump are U watching #masters ?! It's no sure thing yet !!"" Yes, great event!""""@chuckyc78: @realDonaldTrump happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party"" You will love it tonight!"@AdamScott is a great guy and player!"""@trevordebus: @realDonaldTrump Why is Apprentice 2 full hours now? Ratings problems prompt NBC to end the season early? No dope,opposite!""""@peterjsteele: @realDonaldTrump Love to hear your thoughts on idiot Alex Rodriguez. I hope he gets run out of New York."" He will be!""""@cliftonclive: @realDonaldTrump : I completely agree with Patty. A businessman of your caliber can successfully implement State Policies. T""""@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President. Please 🙏""  You are too kind!""""@gameexpress1: @realDonaldTrump Angel Cabrerra will win the MASTERS..265lbs of everyman golfer..Ole!"" He is looking good!""""@teresayarbor: @realDonaldTrump @wallsburg I remember you supported John McCain just like I did."" That is correct, thank you!""""@PattyMSink: @realDonaldTrump Please, please, please consider running in the 2016 Presidential election. We need business savvy (you)Thanks"@tjwacker. Good luck!"""@wallsburg: @realDonaldTrump Grow a pair Donald. Admit you were wrong to support Obama in 08.""  Moron, I never supported Obama in 08.""""@philip711: @realDonaldTrump I think when you go on the @sternshow those are the best interviews""  Howard and I have fun!""""@KingOf_Class: @realDonaldTrump Honestly,you can't find anyone more real than Donald Trump!"" A great compliment, thanks!""""@AdultProdigy: I'll say it, nobody beats @realDonaldTrump when it comes to honest reporting and serious insight."" Thanks!""""@NoraHaxha: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is the man, loved the interview on letterman!""  Thanks!""""@pjpaton: Wind Mills are highly dangerous - They tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms @realDonaldTrump""  True!""""@kanikagahlaut: Can anyone explain why @JerrySeinfeld is so unfunny on twitter and @realDonaldTrump is so funny?"" Jerry is highly overrated""""@MrAlanR: @realDonaldTrump Donald you rock! #theartofthedeal changed me forever. Thanks"" That is really great news, congrats!"Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B."""@CockyCam: Don't care what you say, @realDonaldTrump is spot on with his comments on Gov. Issues! Keeps it real and honest! #respect"" Best!""""@rpm11561: @IvankaTrump your dad's interview, last night with David Letterman, was the best, realest, most genuine sitdown, ever ! Thanks!""""@Dale26: Mr @realDonaldTrump how come the US doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? They are dumb""""@dolliemjs02: @realDonaldTrump I liked Donald Trump on The To Night Show with David Letterman""  Thanks!"South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!"""@CoolCanuckChick: @realDonaldTrump I thought China was good with the U.S.?""  Only if you want no country left!""""@RealCoachHodge: I'm thinking of changing my name to Trump. Just to thank @realDonaldTrump for making my business thousands!"" Smart!""""@loganfaris: Have to do an essay on a hero....... Definitely picking @realDonaldTrump. Perfect idol""  Very nice-good luck!"Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!"""@BidwellP: @realDonaldTrump Are you supporting Chinese child labor?"" Only at The Masters!""""@teh_jaybee: @realDonaldTrump are you going to return the favor to @VinceMcMahon and be the one who inducts him in to the @WWE #HOF?"" YES!"@VeIvetRose  Also true!"""@GenuineAccess: @realDonaldTrump Booked VIP clients to playing at the Trump Course in Palos Verdes fnn #""  Great-best course in California!"Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers"""@petekobelka: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time, better then anything!""""@bclew70: @realDonaldTrump Donald I am disappointed in you. you should have ran for pres."" Never too late!"Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!"""@josh_b_123: thank you for creating the best show ever @realDonaldTrump""  Very nice, thank you!""""@joshlop17: @realDonaldTrump is a true model, hard work and dedication, money, and attitude &lt,&lt, and unsotppable force"" Wow,  thank you!"Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)"""@HogmanjemJack: @realDonaldTrump After Obama bailed out GM for $80 Billion, 7 out of 10 GM cars made in China!""""""@Tanann5: @realDonaldTrump Love you to death...think you r amazing and brilliant! LIKE YOUR STRAIGHT FORWARD TALK....Thanks!"I am on David Letterman tonight.@bakerjb19 China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid.@MannaaEyad I only speak the truth.Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp, that one's not even close!@LanaH11 @IvankaTrump Thanks.@dabg3241 Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.@truckncargirl @piersmorgan True!@MisterEspinal Thanks, very nice.@RobertMcCallis3 @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews @DanScavino  Turbines destroy environments and people.@Faithable @DanScavino True.Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.My performance from last week on David Letterman @Late_Show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.Always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say ‘No.’ It is critical.“Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a BillionaireWhere is the President?  It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.  Isn’t that frightening and sad?China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.  China is a major threat.All eyes are on @TigerWoods @The_Masters.  He’s in good position!.@alexsalmond RT @King_Pepp  Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what @realDonaldTrump is talking about.@nbc has increased @ApprenticeNBC to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST"""@DJHago: @realDonaldTrump Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things."""@hellcat1963 @MailOnline A great beauty!"""@wallsburg: @realDonaldTrump Why did you support Obama in 08?"" I didn't dummy!""""@MichaelNidiffer: @realDonaldTrump Thoughts on Kerry visiting Seoul amid missile crisis.."" Tell them that they must pay us for protection!""""@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president Obama would b??""  Leadership!""""@RickShauntz: @realDonaldTrump @SStew3 we need the art of the deal"" Very true!""""@ryelki: @realDonaldTrump @SStew3 WE HAVE NO JOBS, NO HOPE AND NO CASH. TEN YEARS AGO WE HAD SOME OR ALL OF THOSE THINGS"" Interesting!""""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump I've come to the conclusion the only help for America, is TRUMP 2016 for President!""  Probably so!"Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!"""@SStew3: @realDonaldTrump we have NO leadership""  No kidding!""""@rangi_mats: @realDonaldTrump Miss Peru Universe 2008 Karol Castillo, passed away last night :( #MissUniverse #MissPeru"" A wonderful person""""@ChrisLawGolf: Playing @realDonaldTrump International Links tomoro. Can't wait! Supposed to be amazing! #beentoldtotakealotofballs"" Enjoy!"@ryanrockefelker Thank you.@AhmedMallick2 @WWE  Thanks.@_AJPerez @WWE @VinceMcMahon I hope so!@rodmonium91 Probably Mark.“Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.”- Think Like a BillionaireMr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.  Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs..@Jimmyv3  @WWE Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. That’s why you are such a respected writer.I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!Congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great New Yorker and Knick!Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  Be aggressive and seize them when they come.“Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big.@alexsalmond @pressjournal  RT @rdowns @realdonaldtrump Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.@BklynBorn71 @dvorlando  Wonderful news, thanks.@UKWildcatFan96 True!@SyxxPac1980 @cherish_how  Thanks.@Bogart_Ron True!@DohaBen I will be there soon!@MdAhGOD Not much, it's too easy!"""@mikefroccaro: @realDonaldTrump I wear my Donald trump tie every week. Incredible."" Great!""""@cherish_how: @realDonaldTrump I'm gonna defend my thesis tomorrow. Any advice for people who have stage fright like me?"" Be cool!""""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump My 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! Has #Success cologne, watches Apprentice, wants to be like u""Say hi!""""@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Mark Cuban is a sad, unhappy man. A facade, masquerading as a Trump wannabe."" Very interesting!""""@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Why is Anthony Weiner attempting to run for Mayor ?"" Because he is delusional!"I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!@JTHolder2010  Great!"""@FrankRomeo31: @realDonaldTrump @garthdahdah don't forget SUCCESS! The most complimented cologne in my collection... by far!""  Thanks!"@RealDougClark  Great!"""@Ter2885: @realDonaldTrump just bought one for my son's bday celebration to Vegas! #gorgeous"" Great!"@maggieaveu_a  Thanks and say hi to your son!"""@ElliotD224: @realDonaldTrump do you think Bloomberg is a good mayor?"" Yes!""""@JackLypka: @realDonaldTrump how do you like the Dallas Mavericks' chances tonight against Phoenix?"" I don't!""""@garthdahdah: “@realDonaldTrump: I hope everyone goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts &amp, suits” [love my DJT Ties - Thanks!"@_CASSmoney_  Thanks!“You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. He’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a BillionaireThe $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResort are right on target.  When completed, the course will be as good as it gets.@AlxG21  Thank you!@DanSt_Schwind Thanks--and good luck.@SandeepSrih @TrumpChicago   Thanks!@RogerBiles @EricLahti929 @nbc   Thanks!I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!"""@EricLahti929: @realDonaldTrump @nbc -- I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network!"" Thanks Eric, many agree!""""@SoCalCharles: @realDonaldTrump @mbb2792 @WWE People still watch that?"" Thanks!""""@davidgrieve: @realDonaldTrump what’s with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? :( @ApprenticeNBC"" Going back to two hours - ratings"Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!"""@mbb2792: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! @WWE""  Sorry haters, but  people loved my WWEHOF speech as you saw last night""""@CpacDean: @realDonaldTrump you've raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind""""""@aakash4cesc: @realDonaldTrump will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOF""  Thanks!"@BrosHoban  Thanks!"""@bryanice1: Ending my life. Thanks @realDonaldTrump!  Bryan, don't do it - you have everything to live for!"@riggs_deb@Brian_Legit@emmyb96 @TheEllenShow@StephenHCornell@VirginiaDG @bjjsoulroller@thefarfar"""@miketilley13: Prepping for my job interview by reading ""The Art of the Deal"" by @realDonaldTrump Inspirational""  Good luck Mike!""""@kennyp1966: @realDonaldTrump nice looking family! Of all your accomplishments, your family has to be your greatest""""""@VirginiaDG: #ProudToBeAFanOf very successful and inspiring @realDonaldTrump""""""@PrinceWatercres: @VinceMcMahon inducts @realDonaldTrump, huh? Can't picture anyone else doing this. #WWEHOF""""""@K33MOTHERAPY: @realDonaldTrump #Trump Is HOF !"" Thanks!""""@WWEmarissa_54: @realDonaldTrump and @VinceMcMahon at #WM23 was so great! That is a moment I will NEVER forget! @WWE #HOF""  Thanks.Marissa!""""@Scooter41471: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the run with the show, been a staple for years on NBC"" Thanks Scott!"Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!  Amazing show."“""Pennies don't fall from heaven, they have to be earned here on earth."" – PM Margaret Thatcher (October, 13 1925 – April, 8 2013)"It’s Tuesday, how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?@Red_Head_Ed @JoseCanseco @thejbrain Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!@thejbrain Thanks!I just left @trumpwinery in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp, democracy---a great leader &amp, ally of America.I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this season’s @ApprenticeNBC  showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.Thanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy..@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard, she was great!@angie_ncislover  Have a happy one!.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp, her  skin care collection. Tune in!I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprenticeThe boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprenticeWhat do you think so far? #CelebApprenticeIt appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprenticeThe #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?My wife, the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing... #CelebApprenticeI’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice"""@rab4488: @realDonaldTrump @BillMoyers @PBS @JeremiahWright Bill Moyers is a good man---1000 times better then you are""  He is a dummy!"Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!"""@MajideDan: @realDonaldTrump But WHY only one hour?! I need my two hours of crazy. #celebapprentice"" Next week until end increased to 2 hrs"@ApprenticeNBC is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @MELANIATRUMP who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor"""@airpacee: @realDonaldTrump I don't even follow u and I love you""  Very nice!""""@bonnie_obe: @realDonaldTrump congrats my role model!! I always look up to you,boss."" Thank you!"": @realDonaldTrump @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country""""""@luwfcrule: @realDonaldTrump When will Apprentice USA be back on UK TV? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the USA. SOON""""@TheSportsSwede: @realDonaldTrump @ec364 Bush murdered thousands of r troops &amp, wasted trillions $ in a needless &amp, senseless war-Iraq. TRUE!"Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!"""@ChrisColgan: @realDonaldTrump - Congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time"" Thank you!""""@Jesus_Mohammad: @realDonaldTrump should I get the red Donald trump tie or the blue Donald trump tie???"" Get them both at Macy's-thanks!"My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno."""@IronMan1021: I think after watching his roast I've realized that @realDonaldTrump is super fucking bad ass Props to you sir"" True - thanks"True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!"""@realBrianBuxton: @fluffyguy why is @realDonaldTrump even at a @wwe event?""  Ratings asshole - I'll bet in life you are a very big failure!""""@HelpUServe: @realDonaldTrump donald we are always supporting other countries""  often times because we're stupid - we make bad deals!""""@ec364: @realDonaldTrump where's Sadam's billiions of $$ after Bush invested American taxpayer$. We were too stupid to take it-loser pols!""""@seandburke: I would pay cash money to see @TheRock bodyslam @realDonaldTrump just once. #WWE #wrestlemania"" He is not strong enough!""""@therealHamzeh: One of my idols @realDonaldTrump""  A geeat compliment - Thank you!""""@jdstravel: @jdstravel @realDonaldTrump Do you have a helipad at Trump National LA?""  Yes!""""@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump America needs you in 2016. Your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.God bless"China is pushing North Korea!When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats@BillLMU Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!@RicardoHernanG  Great going Ricardo!"""@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump. Great picture Mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the UK your resorts are the best""""""@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the finished product. Another Trump masterpiece ..... As usual !!!"" Thanks Dan re. Doral!"I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice@keiththoms @ApprenticeNBC Original schedule but going back to two hours.@JordanKnoxville @ApprenticeNBC Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.@GAPools Either is great.@PhilipMyrer Wow!@OurColorado @emilyhoms Thank you.@blazey53 Great, good luck.@ckmagic32  Thanks Mark.I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.@__Mickey_Mouse Thanks Basil.@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk  Okay--hi Maria!@BuzzFeedPSA @Lood800  Four.@trentnanny09 Thanks Traci. Hi to your son.“The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. PeterSunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, followed by new episode at 10 PM.This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump &amp, @MELANIATRUMP together!Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care &amp, high taxes on horizon....Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp, injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...Tell me, which is “cooler”—my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame."""@trackdonny: @realDonaldTrump . Thanks for spreading the truth about China and all Donald trump. You rock brother. Donny stjohn Sag. Actor"""Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!"""@Mr_Asuaiko: one day i'll be rich and powerful like my mentor @realDonaldTrump""  Great!"Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!"""@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Will the Mavs make the playoffs, what do u think Mr Trump?"" No, Mark Cuban is a loser!"North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!"""@thisiscen: If you're not following @realDonaldTrump on Twitter, you are missing out on GREATNESS. Do it."" Thank you!""""@mfon_essien: One day I'd shake hands with @realDonaldTrump - my business and leadership mentor.""  Work hard and good luck!""""@MGSeneca: @realDonaldTrump you and your TV Show #theapprentice are tremendous. Watch it every week""  Thanks"I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great"""@JAW44444: @realDonaldTrump best season of @CelebApprentice yet! Great television! :-)""""""@imredwingfan: @realDonaldTrump truly the best show on TV....""  Thanks!1"Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania"""The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn."" – Anonymous"Remember, Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field."Now AP is banning the term ""illegal immigrants"" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!"The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.“Relax &amp, clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes, You are the MessageWe should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open bookI played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!"""@FuriousBlaze: @realDonaldTrump @WWE You deserve it can't wait to watch you go in. I'll be there."Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9"Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with ""global warming""?  Good move changing the name to ""climate change"" - sad!"@BillMoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @NYMag (and many others)."""Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation, but for life satisfaction."" - Arthur C. Brooks""""You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes."" ― Ronald Reagan"I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t.In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying @BillMoyers' big @PBS salary!I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.China has control over North Korea!With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow.Set the bar high, do the best you possibly can, and believe in yourself—because if you don’t, no one else will either.In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults...."...""Apprentice"" was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen."The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it."The only place where our ""border"" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp, then have them deported."Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.@higginsane Hi.“Winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next.” -     George Steinbrenner“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond.@AlexSalmond , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie...In standing by @dennisrodman I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp, are working hard to come back.It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!@South_Said  Good luck..@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his support &amp, he’s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa."""@bucksfan2012: @realDonaldTrump - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!""""""@denicarter: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude @EricTrump Your children are GREAT role models and you are a terrific Dad. xxx""""""@drstardis: @realDonaldTrump some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its Mr Trump."" THANKS Cory!""""@lucaswilson911: I will never be persuaded to not be a @realDonaldTrump fan :)""""""@lucaswilson911: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!! Yay! I'm your number 1 fan!!! I will die happy if you respond to this tweet :D $$$$"Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!"""@emilyhoms: Going to keep tweeting until @realDonaldTrump realizes how much he is my idol #lovethisman""""""@mcs3289: Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week! @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC""""""@nysportfan4life: @realDonaldTrump Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow?"" Yes!""""@palemamba713: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice is AMAZING. Love it""""""@MoorePhilly: @realDonaldTrump Love every minute of #CelebApprentice.""""""@kg08tj: @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice the best show on tv, all my #mba classmates are loving it to, #bestshow in North America""""""@natalicious40: Yay! Yay! Yay! @OMAROSA is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday! @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE THE MAN!!!"" Thanks!""""@collinsva: @ApprenticeNBC officially #CelebApprentice is back to being my favorite show! Thanks @realDonaldTrump""  Great!""""@TheRayGallimore: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!""""@madccat1: @realDonaldTrump love @CelebApprentice . Favorite show of all time...every time!"" Great!""""@FutureCutler: @realDonaldTrump Couldn't be happier! Now #CelebrityApprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv!"" Glad you are happy!"Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprenticeGreat boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice"""@TheNewMrsTim: My dad &amp, I are huge #Trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen! @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks!".@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy..@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprenticeWhose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprenticePiers truly hates Omarosa!Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp, Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice"""@FlamboyantFag: @realDonaldTrump a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in #inspiration""  Wow, how nice!""""@justivanjames: The only person I enjoy following is @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks!"Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice.@LilJon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprenticeNow he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  “Art is only the search, it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprenticeRead about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprenticeAre people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice"""@jmc_Johnson: @realDonaldTrump Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour? #dissapointment""  As per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs"What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled timesSo, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad."""@KimStagliano: @realDonaldTrump When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here, Mr. Trump."" They should Kim!"Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us."""@SullyThinks: why is @realDonaldTrump not the president of the US right now?!"" A very good question!""""@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump Very well said. The United States needs people like you to show what truly leadership means!"" So true!""""@kaiser1859: @realDonaldTrump what is the solution Mr Trump?"" LEADERSHIP!"What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders."""@Thaddalicious: @realDonaldTrump should be president, he knows what he is talking about #rolemodel""  Thank you!""""@tonyantoine321: @realDonaldTrump Great advice. Yesterday, I listened to your audio book ""Think Big"" for the 2nd Time."" Great!"@gramma421   Not recent, long term support for the autism community."""@FashionArtlady: @realDonaldTrump DT, do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the USA?""  Yes!""""@violaC72: @realDonaldTrump sir, the autism community thanks you for your support!! #autismspeaks""""""@RocRx: RT @realDonaldTrump Everybody should contribute &amp, fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks""    GREAT!"@GenaLeeNolin  Thank you GLN!Current @NYMag really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!)."""@nikkio: @realDonaldTrump Just read book ""Contagious, why things catch on"" - reminded me of u --ur one of a kind! :)""   Thank you!"Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.This week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp, @OMAROSA.Everybody should contribute &amp, fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaksTake the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations."""@HeatherMama3: I watched the @realDonaldTrump on #Letterman Great interview, this man knows how its done. Pure class! He has my vote.""""@TwitOvershare: “@koznneffect: @realDonaldTrump mr trump, you are a brilliant man!”  I agree, but thanks!""""@jpressler: I bet Matt Lauer is really grateful for @realDonaldTrump coming to his defense like this."" Unfair story by third rate @NYMag.""""@JaySuch: Hey @realDonaldTrump. My 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person. We picked you.""  A great subject, should get an A.""""@Benhrysack: @realDonaldTrump you were awesome on late show!""   Very true - thanks!"We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!"""@KevinGSmithJr: .@realDonaldTrump - I often times don't agree with you politically, but I enjoyed your Interview on Letterman. Thanks!""""@DMBGreySt: @realDonaldTrump @NYMag agreed. I won't be renewing. I got back issues that are paper weights."" Bad people, false writing!""""@elisa_oggero: @realDonaldTrump late show Was great!! We all enjoy it!"" Thanks!""""@ForexBoxusd: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, Class-Act @Late_Show you are a one of an kind classic! #trumpforpresident.""  Thanks!"@NYMag - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!Adam Moss, editor in chief of @NYMag is quickly losing his reputation in that @NYMag has become so boring and so irrelevant.Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp, will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?...At the same time, go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  Focus on your goal—look at the solution, not the problem.Practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.@maffucci93 True and thanks.@TheMayorMatt My father, Fred C. Trump.@BigBobScott I will."""Once you consent to some concession, you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are."" - Howard Hughes"Rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!"""@onakoyaa: If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, study @realDonaldTrump. Great Man!""""""@pdattolo79: @realDonaldTrump was amazing on Letterman. When are you officially going to announce you are running for President in 2016?""""@ChayaLa: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President 2016! #weneedyou""  Thanks!"@ghosttoast99  I do--and say hello to Carson."""@lucasdowns11: Speaking from a military point of view, I want @realDonaldTrump as my Commander-in-Chief."" Great compliment - thanks!""""@ctobin22: @realDonaldTrump letterman's ratings were off the roof. Was it the TRUMP effect??"" YES!"Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks"""@avedders: @realDonaldTrump you're the man! You should run for president!"" Thanks!""""@JOECIOLFI: @realDonaldTrump worked @ theBrick here in Canada 15 years sleep on the Trump mattress, taught 1000's to sell it. Fav mattress.""""@Nnamdos: If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, study @realDonaldTrump."" Thanks!""""@brandonzappi: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president 2016, this country needs a different kind of change""  Thanks!""""@MICHELLE_GRACE_: @realDonaldTrump loved you on the letterman show. I have a whole new respect for you! continued success""  Thanks!""""@WORLD_KIDS: @realDonaldTrump are your sold at .@walmart? .@akmackey""  MACY'S!""""@fugle_tony_328: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome!"" Thanks!""""@randycoggins: @realDonaldTrump my dad is a pastor here in lakeland, FL at bridge of hope.. Always wears a trump tie!! #success Great!""""@MemeFYG8: @realDonaldTrump You're inteligent, awesone and honest! you are my idol!:')""  Thanks!""""@CherylGravino: @realDonaldTrump I wish you had run for president! You are a very smart man!"" Thanks Cheryl!""""@mkerob: @realDonaldTrump great appearance last night on Letterman. First Stern, now Dave. Two awesome interviews."" Thanks!""""@TanmayShekhawat: @realDonaldTrump was incredible as always on Letterman. He surely knows how to handle it."" Thanks!""""@DoctorEdsMom: @realDonaldTrump Just watched You on Letterman. You were Brilliant! Such a well-fed brain. I enjoyed You""""@conservativeJT: @bluejoni @realDonaldTrump Trump is an American that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life.""""@Tid4Prez: @realDonaldTrump this interview made you look down to earth. Romney should have done Letterman.""""""@jorgekb: @realDonaldTrump great interview, always interesting...congrats!!"" Thanks!""""@golf4oregod: @realDonaldTrump great job on Letterman."" Thanks!""""@MichaelScarbrou: @realDonaldTrump Good Job Donald. I'll call NBC a see if they'll giv you Leno's spot..lol""""""@FCVladJoseph: @realDonaldTrump: You forgot to mention that you're going into the WWE Hall of Fame.""""""@Ilove40s: @realDonaldTrump should run in 2016""  Thanks for your nice thoughts!""""@sarah_e_smith9: @realDonaldTrump did AWESOME on Letterman! I just love him!"" Thanks Sarah!""""@J_R_II: @realDonaldTrump you were awesome! Honest, personable, intelligent!"" Thanks!""""@lizzyOconnor: @realDonaldTrump is just amazing, made my night watching him on letterman ! #trumpnationaldoral !!""  Thanks Lizzy!""""@Greener17wing: @realDonaldTrump ya hit it out of the park. #preztrump from a Canadian #yourhired""  Thanks!""""@jeulrich: @RealDonaldTrump is far nicer and real on Letterman than he is on twitter""  Interesting!""""@thatboyred: @realDonaldTrump you did awesome! Always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the GOP and joking on you. Great!""""@Hoggoblin34: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Letterman. I have always been a big admirer of yours."" Thanks Jim!""""@CarmineMig21: @realDonaldTrump u were great""   Thanks Carmine!""""@akmackey: @realDonaldTrump You did great Mr Trump! Wife and I watched. Loved your Walmart answer."" Thanks!""""@jevonk: @realDonaldTrump I thought you did a great job with Letterman."" Thanks Jevon!""""@MaryPortwine: Loving @realDonaldTrump on Letterman! Could listen to him talk all day long. You say it like it is and that's why we love u!""""@coll4734: @realDonaldTrump Run for President and have David as your wing man."" Cute!""""@craigashwood: @realDonaldTrump Nice job Mr.Trump! Smooth, relaxed, and in good humour."" Thanks!""""@scottinapac: @realDonaldTrump paired very well with Letterman tonight."" Thanks!""""@Higgie0: @realDonaldTrump @Late_Show... watched you Letterman.. Good Job! Your Hired!"" Thanks!""""@TheRonnnn: Nice job @realDonaldTrump on #letterman."" Thanks!"@Marvelle Thank you--a great compliment."""@DArmstrong23: @realDonaldTrump awesome job on Letterman! Thought it was a great, funny interview. Invite me to Doral!!!"" Thanks David!""""@thomas_waller: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. Your always a class act!"" Thanks Tom!""""@DeannaSpillyard: @realDonaldTrump Although I cannot speak for them, I think you made your family proud.Great job! : )""   Thanks Deanna!""""@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump did an awesome job on David Letterman!"" Thanks!""""@thejbrain: @realDonaldTrump Awesome as always!"" Thanks!""""@wahb528: @realDonaldTrump great job. Very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights.""  Thanks!""""@kellyfrias: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your interviews and think The Apprentice is terrific. Looked great on Letterman."" Thanks!""""@iHealthQuote: @realDonaldTrump You were great, you are always genuine.""  Thanks!""""@KennethLaguer: @realDonaldTrump you did great on letterman""  Thanks Kenneth!""""@Joe_Lanser: @realDonaldTrump you and David letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! Great job!!!!!"" Thanks Joe!""""@513pango: @realDonaldTrump please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016??"" Thanks for the nice thoughts, Mike!"Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!"""@philzentz: RT@SeanHooligan6: @realDonaldTrump I live in Maine and let me tell ya Wind Turbines are a Disaster.""""@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump I am a local Aberdonian. The coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile, ugly turbines."""@AGALLEGOS32    Thanks!"""@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 was doing the same, thinking, salmond has lost his mind""""@Markyoungco: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 Hasn't anyone learned anything from TBoone Pickens' disaster.""""@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump Iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! Sad distinction, farm land lost!"""@Markyoungco @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @JohnDuthie1 just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland@slainsview Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp, lives will be destroyed.@dbpresswire @Late_Show I hope so!@jessilin02  Fantastic food--thanks.@spewrange Thanks--@HowardStern is great!@CreelKen  Hope I do well!@BrocktonConwell Great! Thanks.Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp, wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall...Follow the money.Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame..@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.@JNorr11  Yes--and thanks.@nashvillebobby Thanks Bobby.@MisterMcFlee Thanks--and good luck!@thedealszone @washtimes Thank you.@SmallTwnBigNews Kate--All my best wishes to you.@TheMayorMatt  Interesting and often true!.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp, magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.Congrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity &amp, illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!@mrjamesmack  Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp, has serious financial difficulties.General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!@GenaLeeNolin   Great - call me, we'll get you on!Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!"""@specialk211: @realDonaldTrump I really miss @bretmichaels on All-Star Apprentice Will he be back as a judge?"" Yes!"Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.Many of @TigerWoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.Many people look at successful people &amp, don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.@SeanHooligan6 @AlexSalmond This is from someone who knows they are a disaster....and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. .....al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.@UberBurgers Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.@Javi8104 Great--good luck.@SamRyzen Thank you!The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDCThe windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover."Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - ""NEVER ENDING COLD"""@JoelKrautter   Very good Joel!"""@kindlerusso: I mean it when I say I would take a bullet for @realDonaldTrump""    Wow, how nice - thanks!"“Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, &amp, you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A ChampionAfter decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp, R&amp,D, the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ..."""@TheDorkKnite: #MentionSomebodyYouWantToMeet @realDonaldTrump The Man, the Myth, The Legend, The Donald""  Thanks!""“Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard."" Think Big"I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!@KiltedKrew Thank you.@ChristalGraceG Thanks, I appreciate it.@crainey777  Thanks Chuck.Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here?@jacob_mastro You may be right!@DickDarkey @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  Watch next week!@michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!@AgostinelliNick @DonaldJTrumpJr Very nice, thanks.@hollywood74 Thank you Nadine!@AimeeTruchan @ABFalecbaldwin @StephenBaldwin7 She is a fabulous woman!@disneycuty @StephenBaldwin7 Thanks Jennifer.They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?Uh oh... @OMAROSA &amp, @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprenticeAdrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprenticeThat’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp, he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprenticePeople ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprenticeWho are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprenticeWhat team would you choose to win? #CelebApprenticeLet’s see what happens in the boardroom... #CelebApprentice.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice.@Joan_Rivers —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprenticeWith @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprenticeWhat do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprenticeAlways good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice.@StephenBaldwin7’s mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice.@LaToyaJackson &amp, @Omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprenticeLast week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice"""@CShanton: @realDonaldTrump wish we had politicians that were like you... Maybe the we could cut some debt then. #2016""  Thanks!""""@EN_Somat: @realDonaldTrump Your Apprentice is so much better than ours in the UK. You're so much better than Alan Sugar!"" Thanks!""""@inshapp776: @realDonaldTrump I just stayed at the Trump hotel in Vegas. I love it!!!"" Great!""""@cjrj49: @realDonaldTrump please don't forget us people on the west coast #nospoiling""  I won't-thanks!""""@katiedoodlebug2: @realDonaldTrump yay can't wait Donald, you are so cool""   - and so are you - thanks!""""@Slim_Shady2o3: @realDonaldTrump yay i cant wait mr trump! You have the best show on tv on sunday nights!""  THANKS!""""@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump .. Are you ganna tweet live?""   YES!"I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!"""@Marco_Masucci: @MaryChayko @realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity in the world! I can't believe she met him.  Great and thanks!"@kumite67   Thanks Brian!@CharlesRBennett   Thank you - a great compliment!"""@JIMHENDLEY81: @realDonaldTrump I agree Donald Please run for president. Your alot smarter than Hillary. America needs you.  Thanks!""""@William8311: @realDonaldTrump 2016, 2016, 2016! Get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!!"" Thanks.William!""""@jeanpierreaboud: I wanna be @realDonaldTrump when i grow up :p !"" Work hard and smart!""""@AllysonWardBrkr: @realDonaldTrump what the world needs is Trump for president so the world can start making sense again.  Thanks!""""@RealRoesch: @MatthewDoyle33 SICK!!!! @realDonaldTrump is my idol""   Thanks Austin!"@realMikeShapiro   True Michael!@philzentz     Thanks Phil!"""@hailllluminati: @RealDonaldTrump better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him. #conservativepride""  Thanks!"Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!"""@warrencasselljr: @CTrain_ The truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say @realDonaldTrump was right!""   Many people think so!""""@yassinomar: The amount of Trump Towers in New York City is ridiculous. No simple man can build such an empire like .@realDonald  THANKS!!""""@CTrain_: @realDonaldTrump Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problem""    Interesting!!!!"Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.@michellemalkin @igo4par  True..@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser!@jimmymcgreevy Thanks Jim!@SharleneH  Thank you.When I think big, which is often, you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.@ChrisStackStacy Thank you.@cbalfer Very nice Chris--thanks!@Dafny01 Do not give up, keep moving forward.@michellemalkin You were born stupid!@1fos1 Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What’s strong? What’s weak? What’s missing?“The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - Albert EinsteinThere won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.@roannasweet  Not even close!Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted @WrestleMania &amp, then I starred in one, which sold most PPVs.Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.Problem with @GOP is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.“Here’s something about Donald Trump, he’s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.”-@DLoesch  All true!Yes, All-Star @ApprenticeNBC contestant @THEGaryBusey is a little out there. But he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage.It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property asap. You’ll thank me!Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.It’s snowing &amp, freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?.@mcuban  Mark—nice picture, thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win!@IanRambally   Great going!Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!"""@Champion278: @realDonaldTrump I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk version""    Thanks!"Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!People buy deals &amp, immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.Why do the losers &amp, haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t.  Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.@MartinFagervik  Win!@RealHotwaffles Thanks.@chrisr52 Happy Birthday Christine.@balloon_69 @AFCHaywards  Good luck!@miawesbrooks @dcexaminer Very nice!@MsCattitude1 @ApprenticeNBC Great and thanks.@nycal821 @nbc @CelebApprentice Thanks Cheryl.My shirts, ties &amp, suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over &amp, check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection!. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.@iklemieux @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.. @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!@t_thabane Happy Birthday.The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.“Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101@DolehNYC Quite nice, thanks!@bburt2367 Trump, by far!@ChesterStarr @hardball_chris Chester--unreal.Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes...It's great!@bearmntn  But I like picking on losers!It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.@FatmaEmadi Thank you.@jaynielea Thanks Jaynie.@jcfields13  Thanks Jason.@yokoono John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes..@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral..@SouthJerseyMag, “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!.@hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!@tinaclean Yes and best wishes.@MandMpanelbeat Thanks and good luck."""@lfoshie: There are 2 people with whom you don't want to be on their bad side- God's... &amp, @realDonaldTrump's!""  I want to be on God's side!""""@whatitlooklike9: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban nobody is on the dons level. Lets be honest donald trump is the man"" Very nice, thank you!"@c_hanson800   Hi Chris!"""You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much.""  The Art of The Deal"@MarcPhelan Thank you!@WusongTweet Thanks Wusong.@Mike_Hamilton69 Thanks Michael!@asiandave89 Thanks David!@THESethFriend Thanks Seth!@Ashonair101 Thanks Metalchick!@jrocco_96 @mcuban I have none!@emilyplacido @mcuban Emily--true and thanks..@mcuban  Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up, their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.Congratulations to @Likud_Party MK @dannydanon on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by @IsraeliPM @netanyahu.If you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to THINK BIG and plan your next step...@HayesRutherford Yes and thanks.@CforColby Hi Colby.10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp, its oil.Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP..@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors."""One of the most obvious lessons on @ApprenticeNBC is for the candidates to learn to think quickly."" - Think Like a Champion"Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp, pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.Why do shows have @ananavarro—Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 &amp, Huntsman ’12.  She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes.Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!@jrkirk22 Thanks.@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.@__Jibz True!@ilpostio  That's why I'll never be Pope!All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More, and bigger, coming...It was just announced that @ErinBurnett won’t be going to mornings on CNN. @OutFrontCNN just made a wise decision.".@SarahPalinUSA did a great job @CPACnews. Much of what she said was plain old ""common sense."""@borland_jim  Great!.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC that’s the way it is..@ErinBurnett should have stayed at CNBC—she was never smart, but people liked her. @OutFrontCNN Jeff Zucker’s got problems!For beauty and flight, I’ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet &amp, get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!I don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like!.@hardball_chris  is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address, something his operative said he planned to do....... to help McConnell, who spoke right after him.”@BreitbartNewsI was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats..@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory..@rushlimbaugh is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.But @mcuban is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!@dennizenx   Thanks!@Doyle5sMom  Thanks!"""@geeopee: @realDonaldTrump why are you wasting your time with Cuban?"" You are right!""""@kimfloyd2012: @realDonaldTrump ... hope you have a great day! Loved your speech at CPAC."" Thanks Kim!""""@cathmiriam: Love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to @realDonaldTrump are poor idiots with no sense. #playnice"" True"@niecey911logan  Thanks!"""@entrepreneur: Just for the record @realDonaldTrump has authored more #1 best selling books than @mcuban. #winning""  10 to be exact-thanks!"@BillDaley1   True!.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!"""@Julzz: @realDonaldTrump you got bankrupted 3 times, who the hell trusts you with anything""  I never went bankrupt, moron!""""@Greenolive_r: @mcuban is trumping the trumpster himself @realDonaldTrump""  Where do you live, moron."WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).@JackVoices   You are correct, but he is so easy!@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser@KatySutherland6   Great!"""@johnbravo_1: @realDonaldTrump @kmac5911 @mcuban Hey Donald! What's the best confidence builder?""   Going against losers like Mark Cuban!"@byoppjr   We just blew it up dummy!@ArsenioHall    You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!"""@tomxconn: @realDonaldTrump took wife Jenn to your 16 in Chicago, had great time! Impeccable service!"" Thanks!"@DavidMcClain328    Thanks."""@afielding1984: @realDonaldTrump when you next in Scotland Mr Trump? We miss you!"" April and thanks!""""@Ashbash032: @Nautilus916 @realDonaldTrump lucky for me I don't live in America, I live in South Africa...""  Bad news, we need you here!""""@Taurus_Lovin: @realDonaldTrump - My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas the other day, gotta say your Trump building rocks!"" Thanks.""""@sisson_travis: @realDonaldTrump when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys? #kimMitchell""  In September"@DonaldJChump   Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!@roannasweet   Not even close, dopey!"""@kmac5911: who would win on the golf course @realDonaldTrump or @mcuban"" Did you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!"@Cleggermeister  Thank you!@ReederJosh   You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!@dan_kir96  Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!@HRdiva_NY  Thanks Tanja!@babyguts666   Thanks!"""@STAR13R: @realDonaldTrump What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time!"" Great!""""@Ashbash032: @realDonaldTrump don't waste time on your haters!Let them hate, you keep building your empire #respect #jealoushaters""  Great!""""@OWhiting147: @realDonaldTrump we know you hate Mark Cuban but what are your feelings on Kevin O'Leary?"" Never heard of him!"Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!"""@ThisNBAgirl: @realDonaldTrump You are not as smart as Mark Cuban, no matter what you think. Keep to what you know. Lets do an I.Q. test!""""@n_vranas: @realDonaldTrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder ur a pussy trump @mcuban is way richer than you""  Not even close, dummy!""""@benjamin_abey: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban @dallasmavs So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!""""@MagicJeff: @realDonaldTrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder how many rings do you have? #donthateontheCubes""  Nine billion!""""@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. Mark my words."" I agree with you-and a loser!""""@LynchZC: @realDonaldTrump I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!"“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of the DealIs Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!Sexual pervert &amp, deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor....@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss &amp, @okcthunder swept the season series.Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp, 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1, I go out &amp, play it one more time until the new course opens..@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room, I can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501  Trump Tower is open to the public.I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprenticeTrue, @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right, she’s becoming predictable..@Omarosa is not winning points, being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice.@Omarosa’s new name via @DennisRodman: “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice.@Omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall  that @Omarosa is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice“@OMAROSA is a bit toxic” per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprenticeThere’s no love lost between @latoyajackson  &amp, @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprenticeMusic cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential... #CelebApprenticeAnd happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice.@TraceAdkins is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprenticeThe Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice.@Omarosa has another meltdown ... while giving a check for $40,000 to Michael’s charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprenticeGreat line from @TheGaryBusey:  “I am an angel in an earth suit.” Do you agree? #CelebApprentice.@Omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance... #CelebApprentice"""@gaphotoman: @realDonaldTrump . If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever""   Thanks!""""@simonkodousek: You may not agree with @realDonaldTrump, but he knows what's what! Keep being truthful and REAL!"" Thanks!"The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!"""@realbryanbirse: @realDonaldTrump was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook?""  Sadly, yes!""""@helen39639472: @realDonaldTrump I think that you should run for President and be elected to that office. Good luck in all you do. THANKS!""""@MrBrandonCraker: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I love you and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You are awesome and should be president. THANKS!"I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:@ApprenticeNBC. Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away!"""@Crystal_Joanna: @realDonaldTrump That's because you bring clout to anything you do Mr. Trump...Remain blessed!"" Thanks, really nice!""""@RealJonJenkins: @realDonaldTrump I spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the Trump Intl Las Vegas. Amazing place you've created.""  Thanks!"@ANNIKA59    Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!"""@LinRo_2: Looking forward to the Apprentice tonight..@realDonaldTrump ..show is still going strong !!!!"" Enjoy it Linda!""""@paul1994loan: @realDonaldTrump Big Q Did you shoot your age?"" No, but close!"Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!@DeViouSDoLL82 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods"Huff Post ""His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday"" and packed by end! The facts.""""@dubenezic: @realDonaldTrump Great speech. All true. Some of it sadly. #CPAC""Thanks Bob!""""@TheSisko: @realDonaldTrump you HAVE to run on 16."" Thanks!""""@libertybellskp: @realDonaldTrump you were great and are great...keep on plugging away""  Thank you!"Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!"""@orangeeffect01: @realDonaldTrump Chris Matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. Poor Chris !"" I know Chris well-he is a lightweight."I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!For accurate reporting of my @CPACnews speech, read @PoliticalTicker, @Newsmax_Media, @politico, @HuffPostPol..........@DailyCaller, @BreitbartNews, @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp, @gatewaypundit.@jheil at @NYMag is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp, hack.Boring &amp, failing @NYMag’s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @DanAmira write a totally false report about me today........... He knows I don’t respect him.I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big."""In the general course of human nature, a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will."" - Alexander Hamilton".@mcuban has less TV persona than  any other person I can think of. He’s an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people......Those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece).There’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!CPAC attendees &amp, fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!When @mcuban had his own show, The Benefactor, it totally “bombed!”I love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named Shark Tank—but he is just a small part of that show.Good move by @MSNBC in downgrading @WeGotEd to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.@trader_greg  Thanks.@RickStone1282 @Yankees Thanks Rick.. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of my @CPACnews speaking slot &amp, also their fellow Republicans! Not good!The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them."Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours ""Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ..."Dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happened—I don’t talk that way.@dennisrodman Thank you Dennis.Congrats to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska on a great five years!I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.@kevconnorsespn. Great and good luck!“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – Midas TouchDo your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economyIn making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @Yankees Captain is a warrior &amp, winner.@AnnAmplf  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.".@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the ""New"" Blue Monster @DoralResort".@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWHLines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013@heyavampirebat Good idea--I wish him luck.@vcross8 Agreed, they're doing a great job.It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be.  WH should take my offer.@msmarjc Thanks Mary.@hrtbrknomore74 Thanks and good luck.@karlbstumpf Yes and thanks.@grantgphoto My best wishes.@paulteutulsr. Thanks Paul - we miss you!@rantanrave @Cpac Thanks!@Peruvianmuse @CPACnews  Great!@HammerleAmanda @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.@JeffZephir Thanks Jeff."""If you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it."" - Think Big"Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running......The ads made her look great and now she probably will run."""Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected."" - Steve Jobs"“Whether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.” – Midas Touch@gllleymon900000 Thanks Spence.@WilsonLeeFlores Thanks Wilson.A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  “Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp, cable news networks.Congratulations to @NewYorkObserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!Glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. Elizabeth has great presence &amp, doesn’t back down from sharing her views.All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!"""A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new."" - Albert Einstein"Re: Ashley Judd: Keep @KarlRove away. He already made her a viable candidate.Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!.@Graeme_McDowell  Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp, gave up looking for work.Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp, Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.. @deesnider is a great guy &amp, a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.@BrandenRoderick Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.To @TigerWoods  He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResort #TrumpIf you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost, that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.Which team is your favorite?Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp, presentation.Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.Will Plan B miss Trace?Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.Bret had a target on his back from the get go...That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly.How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.@Ziggi92  Good luck.@axelpals Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch.Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!“You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic.” – Think BigGolf is a brain game &amp, is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp, passion...it's all there.@melpoluk  Good luck!@Hallmarr Hi Hallmar.@JAW44444 @CelebApprentice Agree--thanks!@SavvY_PriNceSS  Thanks Becky."""@amowjf: @realDonaldTrump You are a true champion.. just started a company n I'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' ..tremendous help..""""@Read_N_Learn: @realDonaldTrump first day at Doral was awesome, greens looked perfect. Can't wait to see the course after your changes""""""@codyaa722: @realDonaldTrump are they going too low for you at Trump Doral?"" Yes""""@No_Average_Joee: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president #genius #Trump2016""  Thanks!""""@j_pala: @realDonaldTrump what's the next step you accomplish so much, is there more?"" Much more - stay tuned!""""@lbstatkidd1977: @realDonaldTrump @WWE named you as #3 greatest celebrity moment""    Great!"@melpoluk. Great“Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.” – Midas TouchI can’t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprenticeNotice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp, develop that capacity."Re: Decisions:  Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: ""What am I pretending not to see?"" This can save a lot of time &amp, trouble."@a123r7o  Thanks, good choice &amp, good luck.@SMK4ye  Good goal.@PabloRaffaele  Good thing to remember.@brad_mcmichael @DoralResort @nbc @GolfChannel @CadillacChamp  Thanks Brad.".@morning_joe - Wow - ""Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC""""""@leoncarmen: @realDonaldTrump @melaniatrump great couple!"" Thank you!""""@ClaudiaMota: Good Morning, @realDonaldTrump . I admire your leadership &amp, look forward to hearing you speak next week."" Thank you!"@kstan500. Good luck!"""@jguer042: Good morning @realDonaldTrump. Started reading Think Big yesterday and already almost finished. Thank you for writing it"" Thanks""""@ejpasseos: #CPAC ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting @RealDonaldTrump.""    Are you surprised!"@joelalbright1. Great!@sadatDM. Thanks."""@signoresifis: Huge fan of @realDonaldTrump i think is a very intelligent and tenacious man. Big role model to me.     Thank you."Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!@lovitt_marisa Good to hear, enjoy!@Raul_Esquire  Thanks Raul.@rcmillershow Thank you.@jlynn_12  Thanks Jessica.@xo_deannayoung Good subject, good luck!It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbcWithout momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.It was just announced that @MacMiller’s song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be@CrewSawyer It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.@homeedmam I wish him the best of luck.It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.@Mike_Kelly1  Thanks Michael.@TheEvanGruver Thanks Evan and good luck.It’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. It’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others.” – Think Like a Billionaire@wrightmomof3 @iansomerhalder @paulwesley @joshduhamel @Zak_Bagans  Happy Birthday Tiffany.Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp, see for yourselves!The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.@kennybud  If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem.@LaurieRobertson It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.@scheekster  I agree, it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks.@SvenIsaksson Thanks Sven and good luck.Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. I’ll be there all weekFor those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!@M_Sallis Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.@MaryFallacaro Thanks Mary.3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity...1.   Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter......“If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big@misskhan  Thank you.Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group..@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most importantly, the 18-49 age group.Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.@foyt4timewinner. Thanks!"""@IDKbrody: ""@realDonaldTrump: So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice"" TRUMP PRESIDENT 2016 Great"...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprenticeI'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprenticeDon't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprenticePaul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprenticeEven @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprenticeLooks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprenticeHow does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprenticeLosers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.@AllenWronowski. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.@Dattan78. Thanks!"""@Dattan78: @realDonaldTrump thank you for supporting the #wwe back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted @WrestleMania""""""@Dattan78: @realDonaldTrump what are your thoughts for being selected into the #2013 Hall of Fame for @WrestleMania. A great honor!""""@Mjaybat2002: @realDonaldTrump @jcpost it's still publishing?"" Barely!"@jennyfromnexus.  Great advice!"""@ZarkRiggs: @realDonaldTrump It's all about jealousy. You should just ignore their false reporting."" But I'd rather expose them as losers!""""@jcpost: @realDonaldTrump Esquire is irrelevant, mo one reads it anymore and no one cares."" True!"@JBoyle007. True and thanks John!Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?"""@jjlyons_: How comes @realDonaldTrump notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! Read my tweets sir! Big fan. your my idol."" Thanks.""""@managerct25: Would love to get a reply from @realDonaldTrump Huge fan of The Celebrity Apprentice and supporter of Mr. Trump. Thanks!""""@A_EduardoPeraza: you're such a role model i'm a big fan @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks Eduardo!""""@JonReidHotchner: @realDonaldTrump I wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' US of A any chance of that?"" Yes!"@splinter48708.  Thanks."""@BlakeSRobinson: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for the big show tomorrow. I've had it circled on the calendar for months."" Great Blake!""""@smithg_: @realDonaldTrump should run for president next election RT #Trump4Prez""   Thanks for such nice words.""""@NicoleWallace04: @realDonaldTrump youre responding to everyone else BUT me don😢💔""   Not anymore Nicole, thanks.""""@joshdefreitas1: @realDonaldTrump needs to next US president!!"" Thanks Josh.""""@MikeMessina_: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for the @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!!!!!"" Thanks Mike."@RichDeLeo. Thanks Rich.@juicetucker. Thanks Matt.@Peace_Janise. Thanks Janise!@MathemagicianUK. Thanks."""@stumalec: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!! #bestshowonTV #yourefired #Trump4Prez""     Thanks S.""""@Coolness156: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, I loved when you called into the Howard Stern show. It was so real and insightful!"" Thanks.""""@MacPluto12: @Molly_Kats @realDonaldTrump I'm with trump!"" Thanks!"Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!@vin7768. Thanks Vincent!@BILLIONIRV.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!"""@legsidelizzy: I do wish people would stop RT-ing Piers Morgan. A life without Piers in it is a much better life""  Wrong!""""@PJonCHYM: @realDonaldTrump Other than yourself - what's the ONE reason why I should watch #CelebApprentice this season??"" Gary B.""""@jboyette42: @realDonaldTrump Hate @hbo and bill Maher. Love ya Donald. Lets buy some property together. Great deals here in Fla""  Thanks.""""@stevesms1960: @realDonaldTrump just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!"" Thanks.""""@stevesms1960: @realDonaldTrump just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!"""@KHarmDD59. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.@lmward7. Thanks.@scottybuoy13. Thanks!Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!@dgibson120. GREAT!@jostephanEveryone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!"""@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump how much would it take for you to make out with Rosie O'Donnell?"" One trillion, at least!""""@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice is not just great entertainment, its also schooling for the business world."" Thanks!""""@lilisportsfan: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump will you be at Doral next week so I can shake your hand again on the 5th tee?"" Yes!"@K9Koda. Thank you - very nice (and true)!"""@JulieWind: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I just love your show. I have seen every season!! Thanks it is great entertainment! Julie Wind"" Love"Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!@Bittersweet008 Thanks Kayla, enjoy.If  people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all. --MichelangeloChampion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!“Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big@realRoseIzzo Thanks Rose.Who would have thought that an @ApprenticeNBC champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice...Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbart’s passing. Andrew’s mission &amp, legacy still lives on. @BreitbartNewsDue to popular demand, @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp, quick. Rebuild the US first.Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea Party.Newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in All-Star @CelebApprentice. Dennis is a legend!Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!@FashionFindsbyR  Thanks, enjoy!Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises."""@dwade85: @realDonaldTrump just book Trump Las Vegas, for a few nights vacation with my kids (15,13,10). Will we like it?"" Yes, is great!""""@JosephbyNature: @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice.Great show!"" Thanks.""""@CCtscan2: @realDonaldTrump your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are."" Thanks, very nice!""""@Petercorio: @realDonaldTrump mark Burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. Your Producer is also your opponent?"" Don't care,love to win""I am happy that ""The Job"" on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!"@saphorosBy popular request,  I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).Thanks Matthew!"""@RavDaddy: @realDonaldTrump who should they looking at?"" I would tell@ CNN if they were smart enough to ask!"It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!"Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say ""no way"".""""@RoxanneQuintana: @hollyrpeete awe, get better fast little one.xoxoxo""  Thanks Roxanne.""""@samijok: @realDonaldTrump do you think #JodiArias is guilty?"" Yes, no doubt""""@JimmieJScott: @realDonaldTrump Did you ever think #TheApprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long?"" No, but who ever knows."Thank you - so nice."""@Candynecklace2: @realDonaldTrump I love love love Mr. Trump he is my hero 😘❤"" Thanks."@MyStudentApt  Thanks Rob and good luck.@pammygb  Good work, Pam.@osaFoLmiK  Thank you.@JackieHearns  Thanks Jacqueline.Do  not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.--Ralph  Waldo EmersonAre you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get @KarlRove to run an ad against you and you will win.@JediJerad  Thank you.@TessaHartmann  Thanks Tessa.You haven’t seen fireworks until you see @OMAROSA &amp, @piersmorgan go at it again! Let’s just say it’s no happy reunion...Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesn’t come overnight.But if u work hard &amp, love it, u will find success &amp, luck.I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.Everyone is excited for @THEGaryBusey’s return to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on @netflix. My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.@allanlarson Swing hard.“To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.” - John H. Johnson"""Being the best requires full-time attention and application.” – Midas Touch"@MWiggans @ESPNGolf @CadillacChamp  Thanks M.@generalsam1971  Wow--very nice, thanks.@Looayg  Thanks and good luck.@AdrianaStuijt Thank you.@DeannaSpillyard Sikorsky 76@mena_le @ApprenticeNBC Wrong--not even close!@NYMag  True!@MissCastilloH Thanks Gaby.@KenBroadwater  True!@EricGBassett  Mostly my father.@BiggLogz This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on @nbc@JTBone97 7 months.@NattilyAttired @Pontifex I fully understand that side of the argument.@JTDixon_Inker Happy Birthday &amp, enjoy NYC.@misskhan  Happy Birthday.Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her.Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!@finger_slinger Thanks Davis.@clstromgren Many people have said that.@JustKieffer @GoAngelo @macy Not much!@Obomination1 @GoAngelo @macy Thanks.The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Where’s the problem?"""@mrsafetyman110: @realDonaldTrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet""  Just have no choice but to move forward."Isn’t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'@WetzelDrake @ApprenticeNBC Thanks.@ed_the_honest Thanks Ed.@stacihogan  True!@nal53199  I will.@CraryJohn There is none.@TexasBlingMom Interesting.@BrooksStephen @marissamayer True and thanks.@kat3500 Fantastic.@sdcrane @marissamayer Excellent.@scotty752 Thanks Scott.@lynk339  Thanks.There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp, China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.@RyanTheDee  Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.@TheRealChosen1 Thanks and good luck.@ialia  Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.@emanaydin  Made a mistake but will recover.@pfgabriel  Yes and thanks.@Thomasbrennan01 Great architect!@BrianSchnitzler I often ask that question myself.@Lifelongcane  True and thanks.Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp, competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him, it hurts the church......and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy........Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.@amize_ @mcuban  I win, no contest!"""Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined."" --Henry  David Thoreau"Many people have commented that my fragrance, “Success”  is the best scent &amp, lasts the longest. Try it &amp, let me know what you think!"@HvrhRump I will--thanks--""Success"" is fantastic."@pga4terry @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks Terry.@Swift_Vic @LexiArri  They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.@scherroe  Amy is terrific!@jtalboy @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  True!@GjelajG @ForQ2  Thanks--very nice.@IngrahamAngle Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter!@seehorse72  Thanks Kim.@Thomasblack2013 Sunday March 3rd on @NBC at 9 PM EST.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s, try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!@bkfViking123 Thanks Bryon.@KyMdeLange  Wow, what a great honor--thanks.Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!@Trish3D @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  He's great!@pzpower @WWE  Vince is fantastic!"""@RyanTheDee: @realDonaldTrump I had a look round Trump International Golf Course in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is Stunning."" Thanks"Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!"""@andrezakar: @realDonaldTrump just bought a Trump series mattress.... Awesome and exactly what you expect from Trump."" Thanks""""@b_stander: @realDonaldTrump I read your books, and I think America would do itself a favor to elect you as President.""  Thanks."@KarsynSharp"""@blueice67: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice""   Thanks.""""@kaskman2: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for Apprentice to start up again , i have watched Every Season #yourfired"" Thanks.""""@melissa7889: @realDonaldTrump @JRACKER33 you should run for president!"" Thanks,very nice!""""@my_deeary: I wish @realDonaldTrump would teach me all his little secrets to success""  Good idea!""""@GringaLinds: @realDonaldTrump Donald I watched you on Fallon. I love you and always have. How bout a tweet back :)"" Thanks.""""@Paul_Christidis: @realDonaldTrump You are a person someone should aspire to be #dedication #commitment"" Thanks.""""@rpbriggs: @realDonaldTrump on @HowardStern tomorrow morning is going to be great. Donald is such an entertaining interview."" Thanks.""""@JRACKER33: @realDonaldTrump 2016... Running for President? #Trump2016"" Thanks."@JaylonSeales"""@CrimmsNchin: @realDonaldTrump your the man Donald . #Trump16"" Thanks.""""@EliTheFourth: .@realDonaldTrump, I emulated you for a speech in 8th grade. I look up to you. #htm #purduecal #accredited""  Thanks.""""@ChrisCannizzo7: @realDonaldTrump great appearance!""  Thanks.""""@camiladerosax: favorite family will always be the trumps @realdonaldtrump""          Thanks.""""@mailloua: @realDonaldTrump The all star @ApprenticeNBC looks awesome from the clip I just watched on @jimmyfallon!!!""    Thanks.""""@RileyJSwanson: Donald is a stud. On Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon tonight, he was sharp as a tack. @realDonaldTrump""   Thanks.""""@taliahfogal: One of my favorite celeb that I follow is definitely @realDonaldTrump, hands down #success #truth""  Thanks.""""@jesscot: @kuhpuh @pennjillette awwww... I freakin love celeb apprentice and @realDonaldTrump &amp, @bretmichaels"" Thanks."@HoppMar. Great and thanks."""@MrMikeLobikis: @realDonaldTrump Proud of you, bruh."" Thanks!"Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M."""@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump I'll be watching! Break a Leg!"" Thanks."Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!On Jimmy Fallon tonight.Dopey @billmaher still owes me $5M for charity.  I hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen!@preewbrfu1  Wind turbines are a disaster!@BryanTash Thanks Bryan.@LefteyDowns @austinroneil Great!Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10.  Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher, sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse, is attacking him.You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They don’t want Hagel either.  Just following Obama’s orders.The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!"""But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country?"" -  George Steinbrenner"Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!@GjelajG  Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up.Country music star @TraceAdkins returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Competing for @RedCross, Trace is great!I will be on @LateNightJimmy tonight.  Always have a good time with @jimmyfallon.  Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day!It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's-".....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, ""Success""!"A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's......... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy!When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...... Also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home."""Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish."" - Michelangelo""""Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it."" - Midas Touch"@NewYorkATM. Thanks.@Keval_Camden. Thanks.@DeasWorld. Thanks.@RockShannon108. Thanks.@reidtruuu. Great!@teaparty321. My honor!@mike121z. No!The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.@RamiroDamil. Thanks.@whalinn5. No but thanks.Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!@paul1994loan. Thanks.@David18Graham. Thanks David.Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?@JMarkTiller  Thanks.@RPMNANA Thanks, good question/good point.@bethosborne14 Thanks.@JUrciuoli19  I will.@anchantra  Thanks--the big question is why!.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me........So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...People buy deals &amp, immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...... It is a very effective &amp, commonly used business tool.@RoxanneQuintana  Thanks Roxanne.@dynomike3 Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.@jaderomaine  Thanks and good luck!@JUrciuoli19 Very good!Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp, just hate.Why do losers &amp, haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show......Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.@FL_RichieRich. Great.@Arjuwan. Great and thanks.@5thmcfly. In April - thanks.I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.I've had enough of this - good night!The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!Anne Hathaway is a good winner!@ScottFlakne. Thanks Scott.Lincoln never sounded like that!Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.Very tacky set!Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.I don't like the opening even a little bit!How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?Here we go with the Oscars!@alexleiser33. Thanks Alex.@MKasun. Thanks.Congrats to @JimmieJohnson, a great guy, on winning Daytona!@wobby_sobby wow Timmy,thanks..Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!"Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your ""rally"" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's."By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!@BeaumontAnthony. Next Sunday!@farm_mom. True.I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!@japotter81. It will be great.@ringalenegotti. Thanks.@BillWhiteNY. Thanks Bill!@RifenburgTweets. Thanks.@TheCrystaShow. Thanks Crysta!@robertgwinjr. I hope so!I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?@JoeQuinn6. Thanks Joe.@Shopgirlusa. Good idea.@piano807  Thanks!"@ErolYalim  Yes, she is very tall--5'10"""@Legit73791728 Thank you.@Ukfan71  Thanks.@Kennyshosho  Thanks!“In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten......then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. GrantFor the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan......  Doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings &amp, pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...... Will be there front &amp, center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship"""Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world."" -- Ralph Waldo Emerson"What would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.@MandasueHeller. A Hall.Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!“Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think BigChina is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 @RealLeilaLopes &amp, @Giant great @OsiUmenyiora on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.@JamesRobert_  Hi Robert--good luck.If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.Republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!.@mcuban, you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!@Jamyawh. Thanks, great.@trooper0017. Thanks.@SandyOgg1. Thanks Sandy.@lp084. Thanks.@MegaLouise88. O.K. write me.@jennymorris427.  Thanks Jenny.@ff3476. Great.@InNovember2012. Thanks.@AndeyR. Thanks Andey.@AndreaMoorehous. Thanks.@Katt8808. Thanks K.@RobertSuppa. Thanks@Yolie4MS. Loser!@alan_liljegren. Thanks Alan.@michaellunsford. Thanks Michael.@RothsteinTravis.  Art of the Deal.@Maybach_Zach. Thanks.@michaellunsford. Thanks.@chrisbarno. Great Chris.@sufiology. Thanks.@MichaelRubinton. Thanks.@LivesayRobin. Thanks.Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!@jschwab2. Thanks.@RickyTheBitch. Thanks.@FrankMDavisJR. Thanks.@zachcb1. Thanks.@sebspikes. Thanks.@MissyNewman12. Thanks.@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!@CATHCO9. Thanks.@piersmorgan. Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!@tonytan0.  Thanks Tony.THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC"""The Job"" on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it!""""A  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...""...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.""  Harry S. Truman"@America4RandR.  Thanks!@iCyberSurfer Thanks Paul.@leatherneck03  Thanks and good luck!@Barbaric_Yawwp.  Sadly, it's worthless!@mldemmons.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!@LoadedNightclub. Thanks.It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur@MrMokelly.  Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media.  Good – we need it.I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp, many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp, Staff.Former winner @bretmichaels  returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!.@DianneG @WCNC  To the “news bigs” --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediately—she is terrific!The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties &amp, shirts doing too well at Macy’s--he's actually helping. I have no damages!My ties &amp, shirts at Macy’s are doing great. Stupid @GoAngelo is making people aware of how good they are!Dummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me@tommo1903 Thanks Craig!@josephc45  Do you understand sarcasm?@TGSituation  Thanks Tyler.@walexjoe9   Thanks!@bguzqueda Thanks Boris, good luck.@Josephciarla Thanks Joseph.Review your work habits &amp, make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.@paul1994loan Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks.@angieevanhorn  Thanks Angie for your comments.@scottgray0622  Thanks Scott. .@TaylorSangOrDie Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!@JerryYanks  Thanks Jerry. Good luck.@scifivision @CelebApprentice  Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.@BobLo_Lady  Thanks.@Ralphige Thanks!@tylerponton I will.@louriz  Thanks Lou.Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself, reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.@ilevitan.  Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!  Best wishes.@SHANEDIESEL777.  Thanks.@mrstuckerx.  Thanks.Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!"""Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself."" Donald J. Trump"$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.Idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.“Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost, expand your focus.” - Midas Touch@Diego_Arria.  I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself."""I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly."" - Dr. Jerry Buss"Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, premiering March 3rd on @NBC, features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.@KayWiggs  Thanks!Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!@TJKnox8.    Thanks.@SucioGato.  Thanks.@gwhitttttton.  Thanks!I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!@erinstockwell.  Thanks.@marissanail25.  ThanksGreat going.If I’m the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest.“If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.” - George WashingtonLooks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for @NBC.@goonerdad52  Hi Chris.@jrzbeach  Thanks Eileen!Chuck Hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  A lot can happen.People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interview—you can access it on @HowardTV.The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.@gleasondp  Good idea.@mistdriscoll  Thanks, see you tomorrow.@RealMissHIUSA13  Thanks Brianna!@chrisgd61 @ApprenticeNBC @OMAROSA @THEGaryBusey  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC@Craigkotter Thanks--will be great!@JaneyGodley  No, held up to storm very well.All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA &amp, @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!@bryanbrager #1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold.I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.@Reed11593  Thanks Adam!@brandonarantes  That's right, hard work it is. But worth it.@mattdaddyX6  Thank you.@nydave77  Keep at it!@philegl That's good news! Congrats.Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.@Cynlanjoh Keep up the good work Cynthia.@Preppermeister  Thanks and good luck.“Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.” – Think Big@MooreReva  Good. Never give up!@WRousey @marklevinshow Thanks Will.@DomMarino21 Thanks Dom.@hosscasey  Happy birthday Matt.@sfyfe_n Thanks Neil.@RuRu_89 thanks@rosscooker thanksIf you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you haven’t spent enough time on it.@JMBruh @jdmael  Complete is good.Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.@sassy_grunch @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  Seriously!@MichaelJDGregor  You're absolutely right.Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.@MamaBabyHood Thanks--keep up the good work.@Andresrojas35 Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.@mandielaurin Good!@jdmael Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.@nwsocialist Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland!Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.@MicRoger  You're right--billions.@JohnSSaba It will be great--thanks.@EAWIII @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you Edward.@KayBee0h @acnnews And I look forward to it--big crowd.@mayorgas  Good! and good luck!@makeupwithme7 Thanks--work hard every day!@PlsCloneNugent  Thanks Susan..@GOP need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone, including @GOP, they will continue to fight on@jason23_9 @deesnider @ApprenticeNBC  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sister  lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Dee does great!I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp, American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.@NYPatriots4Life  Thanks and Happy New Year.If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of “monopoly.”@foodnfocus Happy Valentine's Day!@tonystang Thanks Tony, good luck.Really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. He is terrific!@hialexcarlson Thanks--just common sense.@DorianDehari  Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere.@alexlyonnn @KendallMcVey  Sounds interesting.@David_S_Ballard  True!@meliabila Great--and good luck!@thomasfuller46 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Thomas!@HisBloodSaves Great school--thanks!Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!@McHaleFrank Thanks and good luck.Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.@EvaMannarino Hi Evelina.@gilbertobm Thanks Gilberto and good luck.@Goofyname  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.@RACentrone  Thanks Robert.@MaryGraceDH @TrumpToronto  Thanks.@uptownfrills @ApprenticeNBC Definitely exciting.@uptownfrills  True!@dtcairney Great success!@ElishaNEWS  Thanks.@RayshaCanup  Will be great--thanks.If US Air &amp, American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocket—there will  be no competition.It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.@JUrciuoli19 Happy birthday!Wow, Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. KennedyWhat is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..@chinnis_28  Today.Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.@marrs_cat Sounds like a good idea to me!@bragg_tina Thanks--read my books, they can help.Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?”@JAMES_G_W  Dummy, I never went bankrupt.@ECNew_York  Thanks!@yadapup I will try!@paulkay220  Great and thanks Paul.@CaptainNdiet  It will be great!Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it!@TheJBish @billmaher You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.@_msccc  Thanks.She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.@MamaBabyHood  Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart.@mattwalker1809 Anytime!@BeckettGOP Thanks Brian and good luck.@JulesPQ Thanks--glad it was good.@DellaAdame Much worse!@Emeka89 Thanks!@steffanpiper Very good!@Sunderscore20 Very nice--thank you!@jma187 @billmaher Interesting!@KenToidi8 @billmaher Yes, but we must act soon.@droppinloads29 @billmaher @Rosie But Rosie is smarter than @billmaher.@SenRandPaul’s Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact.Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.@NMcCay  Yes.@ZKoppe Work hard!Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.@nydave77 Good luck!@ixfor  Okay, great!@amelionaire69 Thanks Amelia!@jesslivin Hi Jessica and thanks.@KariDAway2388 Thanks Kari.@JarredPolseno Thanks Jarred.@DalHines  Thanks--they are good kids!“The harder you work, the luckier you  get.” - Gary Player@AmitchellMo Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned.@TRACECOWGIRL @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice .@TraceAdkins is a fantastic guy!@rubletz True--isn't it sad!@eddiecash23 Great and best of luck!@RVPAndrewZ Looking forward to it--thanks.@parrguy Thanks Tom.When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past.@ellis38671w Thanks--work hard &amp, good luck.@harrell_kelly Thanks Kelly.@EAWIII  Thanks and good luck.@madisonjar  Yes.@JUrciuoli19 Not a bad idea--thanks!@Justinjacosalem Thanks--but they should get a life.@Belloved21  Very nice, thanks Rachel.@assyrianvoice Thanks.@bfree007 Definitely worth it.Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.@parisitony Just a small percentage.@kevinrleyland  Interesting!@UTCRAGER Thanks.@OpskopPromosies  Hello.@toyeenb @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  True!@mayorgas Thanks!“Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” Dr. Benjamin CarsonNY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?@kateywhitey I am right--current tense.@scottjfata I like Joe Paterno and his family.@BCDorris @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC Well, Trace will now have a second chance.I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people &amp, get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter...!@pathselo  Good luck!@Traceybabe8  Work hard and keep at it!@carsenadeline Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen!@DougTammy14  Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy.Check @billmaher’s background &amp, you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.I don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle &amp, probably won't last long.The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do.@wmtoddc  Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.@Millionayer  Hi and thanks.To all young college graduates – stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. They are out there.Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.Always pretend that you’re working for yourself. You’ll do a wonderful job. It’s simple, but it works.Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!Sorry, but @piersmorgan is a good &amp, smart man who is doing really well. That’s why he won @ApprenticeNBC.It’s okay but why do the haters (&amp, losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Norman—a magnificent place &amp, doing really well!Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great!Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans &amp, bankrupt the country. Enjoy!I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp, it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!What do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay"""@100BeachbumApp: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald - RUN!"""Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  She’s great!.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!".@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest ""special"" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!""How does @HBO employ @BillMaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of ""a special"" is that? Complete garbage!"Dummy @BillMaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.@JAKESTADGANGSTA Thanks Jake.@MrCunningham89 Thanks Cam.@Tahanigoingpro Thanks.@MaryGraceDH Good!@JXGriffen  Be confident, pay attention--and good luck.@Ferretti911 Keep your focus and never give up.No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn@MisterEspinal  Thank you.@hoylier I was never a fan or defender of Bush.@macbenz46 @southsalem But he will get it!@chrisr52  Thanks, I am.@darrengiven Thanks Darren.@notdevondalton  Thank her for me!@BGoldsmith26 Yes, if they fight!@ATunaMeltOnRye  Good idea.@EdwardAshton30  Thanks.@jeff_m_hamilton It's about time!@lucasg203 Good luck!Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts..@karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile.@karlrove is a total loser...save your money!See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.@karlrove Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!@Adetonaoris Great, good luck.@noslenevets  I agree.@citychik_  Thanks Andrea and good luck.Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.@chocolateB4bed  Thanks Michael.@AfricanPriest Thanks.China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?@jkells2005 Know everything you can (update daily) &amp, cover your bases.Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp, careful.@Derrick503 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp, How To Get Rich.@bahia6085 Thanks Suz for your comments.Back by popular demand, this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.@rayk71 Happy Birthday Ray.@yesterdaybyurs Take the time to make it great.Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.@tbott22 @HowardStern  Thanks.@Jconstantinides @HowardStern  Thanks Jimmy.@saseret12  True, and thank you.@EWErickson @hunterbaker Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years!@NathalieS_29 Once again, thanks Nathalie.@clar68 Great, thanks.@DJColes1 Great! Good luck.@Candi2577  Great! Keep working hard.@SOcean5 Interesting!@EdwardAshton30 Thanks--food for thought!@ericboucher True!@denoforensics 100% true.@jayceemccain Thanks and good luck.@MooreReva @TMZ @HarveyLevinTMZ @billmaher Keep fighting and learning!@Lurdkberry Thanks.@Russ_Steinberg  Be careful!@scmaness Thanks!@aaapgs  Thank you, nice work.@zniosdig @MELANIATRUMP  Very kind, thanks.@MegMMurphy @HowardStern @IvankaTrump Thanks a lot Megan.@ColeneChia116  Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.@SocialMediaBowl  I have just responded!@erikcantu Even better, government kills by drones but we can't even own guns.  Thanks Erik.@pizzaman77 In retrospect I agree with you.@Tiramis81858117 Wow--thanks.@pennjillette Thanks Penn, will be interesting--see you soon!@EdwardAshton30  Yes.Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage.  Put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner.Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp, possibilities &amp, thinking too small can negate a lot of them.@ST33LY_DAN @HowardStern  Thanks!@HancockMariana Thanks.Democrats try so hard to mock &amp, belittle Republicans—&amp, the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!@georgeNedelkof1 True and thanks!“If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911–June 5, 2004)@jeannewmanglock  In Charlottesville, Virginia...People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.@ZWLykins  @JohnnyPaulCole Your upgrade has been granted &amp, noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.@cmtoms101 @RightWingB Thanks, enjoy.@MFBrooklyn True and thank you.@odogpundit Thanks Owen.@Jaine004 Thanks Jane.@RicardoHernanG @CelebApprentice  Thanks Ricardo.@DeedsJames  Thanks.Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.@JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins Okay thanks.@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  What are the dates for the hotel stay?Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!@phillykayman @sternshow  Thanks Andrew.@TheRaja22 @sternshow Thanks.Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.@SMarsh7818 @Stern100 Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.@jtthebossman Thanks Jack!@JoeStocks Thanks--will do.@paulmilton28 @HowardStern Thanks Paul.@PIERPAOLOMONNI @UncleRUSH  Thanks.@bahia6085 True and thank you.@spewrange @sternshow Thanks.@NASCARNAC Thanks Ric.@DerekPringle2 Appears that you are.Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.@NathalieS_29  Thanks Nathalie.@moogoo3544 Thanks.The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.@KatherineTrunk Thank you.@neilcromie Be smart &amp, work hard!@jayknowles1978 Just the beginning!@HaiderMadHatter Speak to Vince.@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  Which hotel?“You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a BillionaireImmigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?Again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening!Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!@missshavon1 @CelebApprentice Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.“Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal@nick_burrell  The Art of the Deal.Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!@gordondhue Thanks.“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy@destinywyatt11 True!@festenoc True and thanks.@MaryRosesGarden  Mary--Great!@chriswerner1988  Great--thank you!@cheftramonto Keep going!@JohnMark88  Thanks.@toddclark  True and thanks.With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking.  Will create jobs &amp, lower prices.Glad to hear @BrentBozell, @marklevinshow, @EWErickson &amp, @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRove’s attack on the Tea Party.Trump @DoralResort is hosting the WGC @cadillacchamp from March 6th – 10th.  Join me--I will be there all four days..@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC  2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.@e_hig  Hi Erica...and thanks.@TNHicks  She was great!@tomeitel @MattAdamsFoL  Great!@1967porky  Yes.@MassBucketry Then why do you follow me dummy!@darleneflaherty  He was great--loved Kew Forest.@klshrew  Nice--thanks.@MdAhGOD  Work hard (and smart!)@Brendamckinley  They were amazing, thanks!@CathyConstanti1 @billmaher  Thanks!@groovyhank  Thanks.@loisleyn Thanks.@18_Chaz No discounts, only penalties!@thisdj84 Yes--leadership!@ErolYalim  Could be true--thanks.@DrewMillington Actually, too many to pick one.@995mu Wow--that would certainly be interesting.Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?That’s just another way of saying know yourself &amp, know your competition.Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.Wise words from my mother:  “Trust in God and be true to yourself.”  Mary MacLeod TrumpWise words from my father:  “Know everything you can about what you’re doing.”   Fred C. Trump@ErolYalim  Thanks and yes.Gas prices are going up big league—I told you so—payback to OPEC!$4 gasoline – wow—OPEC is very happy!I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.@maggiedubh  Yes.“I also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.” – The Art of The Deal“Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.” -- @UncleRUSHVictoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.@z7one  March 3rd, 9 pm EST on @NBC.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!@robblapp True and thanks!@jchorvath11 Thank you.@misskhan Very nice--thanks again.@BobHapka @sdoocy  Thanks!If Karl Rove &amp, @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.@PRW_StaysFresh That's good news!@Asklepios333 True and not good!@mktgdynamo @foxandfriends  Thanks.@DavidBarringer2  That's right.@GP237 Thanks--my honor!@VuyolwethuManka Thank you very much.@exider2010  And that's okay.@EdwardAshton30 True and true!@GradyMc Sadly, that's right.I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBCI don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity..@BillMaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.@misskhan  Thank you.I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp, would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.The Country is being run just like the stadium.The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!@minlarrycornel  Thanks!Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.@JNorr11  Many thanks.@jaypward  Thanks Jay."Ask yourself, ""is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit."Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp, wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.“Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise, it’s not a partnership.” – ‘Midas Touch'@Chiamboy8  Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.@DrewHemijk  Thanks Drew. Good luck.@JohnNyire1  True--good luck!@TerryScotland @AlexSalmond  Which they should!@bennypagejr  Best buildilng and service.@Mr_Oghene  Great--enjoy!@SteelMagn New York.As promised, my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.@nmbr8 @CelebApprentice  Thanks Deanna.@JackieDee16 @CelebApprentice  March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC"""@JLanderson1999: @realDonaldTrump For president 2016!"The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope“Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” - Abraham LincolnHagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.Little @MacMiller—I have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference.@politcnews  Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower.@minlarrycornel @FOXSports   I agree.@Hantas88 Not even a little bit--thanks.Little @MacMiller, I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!Little @MacMiller, I want the money not the plaque you gave me!Little @MacMiller, you illegally used my name for your song “Donald Trump” which now has over 75 million hits.“Let other people talk.  Any business conversation should be two-sided.” – Think Like a BillionaireThe real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US.Yes, I will give my @SuperBowl pick tomorrow.  Watch @_KatherineWebb cover it on @InsideEdition.Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligence...@dirkbockel  Thanks and good luck.@TiffanyBrownInc @MacMiller  Not really!@ktsarita  Good ideas and hard work!@brianchampagne @oliviaculpo  Olivia is great--x10.@StuartyPhilpott @johfax  I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.@NYCTiggy  3 minutes.@RFussell Good idea!.@IvankaTrump, @EricTrump &amp, @DonaldJTrumpJr take no prisoners in  boardroom of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. Where do they get it from?Big news—WOW—U.S. economy shrinks!.@CNBC Titans: Donald Trump’ is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu.  Watch!Just did an interview with my friend @MarkSimoneNY.  Congratulations to Mark on his new show on @WOR710.@ccade937  Thanks Cynthia."""Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate."" -- The Art of the Deal"@mala13slp @BarackObama  True!@Orangepop911 I do!@TBrown2334  Not good!@TheGnomeAbides Thanks.@MikeKunert @JerryRice True.@jeffcdl  That is indeed true!@Jim_W_Magee Thank you!"@CJohnson623  Only ""one of""-- but thanks!"@Rapone91 I agree!@gotowardsthesun Good luck!@Frankb550  Thanks."""Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools."" - Napoleon Bonaparte""""Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...""... will happen when you go against the tide, when you take a risk and it works."" - Think Big"I don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.@Phatsdad  Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great!@Santini1014  Thanks--a great building.@firefighter8597  I love that idea!@RaydelMusic  That's great--you will love what we are doing!@mena_le  True!@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  I agree!Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst."Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming ""All-Star"" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST."“Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire“You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think BigImmigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening.The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!@LoriWedgewood  Thanks.@tjljunior @billmaher Let's see!@VintageSmitty Eric--True!@NLaSpada7  True!@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  Marilu is a fantastic person &amp, really smart!@cGjeezy Tea.@donhall5  Don--a terrible story (fact).@JustinHHSC  Wow--that's really nice!@ErolYalim  Thanks Erol.@bahia6085 @billmaher  Thanks--stay tuned.@SPANISHFLYAR09 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Andy.@wwws0  Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great!@ridetheory  Horses went up also!@LynnFiorenzano Thanks Lynn!@largemarv74 @Yankees  Not even close but that doesn't matter!@LeeSport7  Thanks--they are working on it.@jamesche85 @Yankees  True!@LetendreLarry Thanks Larry.@MoeKharrazi  I love all sports!@CherylCohen1  He's a druggie."“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war."" The Art of The Deal"@DaraghRohan  Happy Birthday and good luck!TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu is back in this year’s “All-Star” @CelebApprentice.  Marilu is a fierce competitor.“If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - John D. RockefellerTwo years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp, buying houses—I hope you listened! (but there is still time).@ellie_sinclair  Thanks Ellie, I will.@Mattingly27 @billmaher Stay tuned!@SandyInu We'll see.@Cletendre21 @LetendreLarry But not hard enough--good luck Chris.@LetendreLarry  Larry, send the money to Police Athletic League, NYC.@VictorFrisina Me too@ A great place.“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. KissingerStill waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity..@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.I wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans?Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.@hellcat1963  Thanks Ann.@DanSchreibs  Dope!@CHRIISXEDGE  Thanks Christopher.@BeaumontAnthony @OMAROSA @latoyajackson @CelebApprentice  True!“Always remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welchMaybe I’m old fashioned but I don’t like seeing women in combat.Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer.President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines.Got to know Senator @JohnKerry in Aspen, Colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy.@InTheHere  True!@mfantauzzo1  Thanks Matt.@GuinnessCode  True!@MarcoMateoOchoa True!@mjhockey113  Not much!.@PhilMickels0n_  is right—California taxes are far too high. It’s ridiculous.One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. @pbpostBought @JohnDeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—I love their product and service.Wow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks!“One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The Art of The DealIt all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501 Happy Birthday.@VoiceNationLIVE  Work hard and smart!@burnerirons  Hi Nick.“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” -- Henry Ford@RDPomin  Everybody says that! Thanks.@NurseRichRange @billmaher  Yes.@Alyx518  And many other countries!@DrakeFrisby   But I doubt it!@hamodavo @PrimetimeEmmys  But true!@scootysee My pleasure.@Elliotg1959 Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral.@enjorgetamez  Great!@DirksMathias  Thanks Dirks--my honor.@freeillinois  Yes.@JoeBaker1234  100% real!The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!@MattyP941 Thanks Matthew!@NathalieS_29 Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes.@3_lilmonkeys @gretawire @kirstenpowers10 Check her records!The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term......Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!The @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @CelebApprentice was #1 on all television for “top brand impact, 2012.” Thank you!@VanessCeballos  Be concise..@THEGaryBusey returns to @CelebApprentice All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!Today’s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big “Basic Instincts.” Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.@denoforensics Good idea--enjoy!@jutkarsh  Great and thanks.@euan888 @David_Cameron @AlexSalmond So true!@euan888  Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines.@sbair115 @gretawire  They call me names but that's ok?@vincegraff  Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp, it will be destroyed by windfarms.@cynthiawebster He had very bad advice.@MaxwellPearson  Great!@Elliotg1959 Have a great time at a great place!@nicolenulton  Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate!@jwizzle03  Hi Justin..@gretawire  Greta—you’re wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummy—wasn’t she Anthony Weiner’s girlfriend?By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotland’s ugly wind turbines, @David_Cameron is playing right into @AlexSalmond’s hands.@BillKingLanark @dkberman @mathewi  That's true and I love it!@SecurityLecture  That is not the reason.@hellcat1963  Sadly true--but it can change.@logisticshelp  Thanks Nick.@MrJPL It is Trump!@CoryMacRae  Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction!Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property."""You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - Think Big"Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to @NBC.Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice..@CelebApprentice having “top brand impact 2012”  ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor &amp, all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!I just saw my new tie &amp, shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. Go to Macy’s now to buy!@AndeyR @rodstewart  Thanks Andey.@crconnections  Thanks and enjoy.“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman@Larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you.@scotty752 @MELANIATRUMP Thanks Scott..@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.@LeCirqueNYC  Thanks Sirio--great food!@GZervs  Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp, many other countries are fighting back.@mamaberg63  True!@unique4x  Thanks.@amilcaralvarez  Great! Good luck!@dtraiNYC  Work hard and thanks.@brogfro  That's true!@trentdav  Thanks.There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp, intelligence want it to be.I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.@asphipp @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice  March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm ESTPlease tell me what is going on with the Republicans?Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.Back by popular demand, @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp, the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael JordanI cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp, I am embarrassed!"“Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems.""   - Think Big"Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Where’s the media?The Tea Party delivered the House for @GOP so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!@ritter1025  Ellis--get well soon!@adkradio Thanks and good luck..@BarbaraJWalters   Barbara—get better fast &amp, stay healthy forever.@AnthonyNoTweet  Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going..@KeithUrban is excellent on American Idol—great touch, solid guy!@lynn5101953 Sadly, true!@hmachann  Thanks Heidi.@stevegpritchett  Thanks Steve!@JediJerad  Thanks Jedi.@PhakzenVanKlipz  Only tell the political truth--thanks.@Albertenstein @BostonGlobe And a dumb guy!@jeffjarvis  You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.@TheCleverLoop  True!@JustJoanne247 @BarackObama  Of course I do--for good of country!@robds101  Easy--only small area.@ichrisandrews Way beyond!@CrewSawyer Hope so!@brwneyesnbama Thanks Bobbie.@Bretty1973 Thanks--enjoy your visit.@Titi1211  Thanks Tiffany.@selfminted You do, and thanks.@sprinkler22 @GIL1FRESNOCA  Very nice, thanks Barb.@TheDarangatang Thanks Timothy.@mscijihenderson Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Te’o’s test papers.@Gonzobeachboy  I don't go away!@MattONU @billmaher  Not looking like it!@MeattHead_ @souljaboy @KennicotAsks Winning!@CoCo471031 You really sound like a loser no-name!@Kaszie @BarackObama Casandra--It's not--thanks.@tubby511 @BarackObama  He is too smart to do that!@mikayladreyer  Thanks!@TorresTerrell @BarackObama  Thanks!@Coteter @BarackObama  Just success for our country!@HoltonHancock  Thanks and enjoy!@MooreReva Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd @NBC at 9 pm EST@eakrogh  Emil--great &amp, do well with it!@chididdy57 @lancearmstrong  Well, he's now paying a big price!Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.Obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!Republicans, don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!"""Socialists think profits are a vice, I consider losses the real vice."" - Winston Churchill"“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl.  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp, @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart....Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!@MattMogul Happy Birthday tomorrow, MattMost people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal@EAWIII Yes, and thanks.@AgnesphAgnes @Deadspin  Thanks."""Take action every day, and stay focused for the long haul.” - Think Big"New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.@bighank500  Thanks Hank.@brookychan  Not negative!@NMonastra @Deadspin  Thanks Nick.@northsydgirl  Yes.@sdoocy Thanks Steve.Champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Spoiler – Bret is back to his winning ways.@lcf42 @Deadspin They are total losers.@Brunhooooo  Wrong!@cmedenise Thanks.@ThePhilliesGirl @CrossingBroad @Deadspin  Sad losers!@efswagner Thanks.@AMalfas  She can't but I adore her.@ISHIMWEPatrick @BuzzFeedPSA  Thanks Patrick--a great compliment..@Deadspin’s disgusting response will teach me &amp, others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson..@Deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving?Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media..@Deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized!Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp, real girlfriends—not good for Notre Dame—but they’ll be back!I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win.Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid.The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp, failure will follow him!@tman99us @_KatherineWebb  That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!.@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in @Boeing- great company!The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide."I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself ""what was I thinking?""".@HBO should fire @BillMaher and bring back @DennisDMZ- someone that is actually funny..@BillMaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex..@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford.Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before..@ESPN’s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.Can it just be new age that Manti Te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?Not believable that Manti Te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid.......or mentally troubled (or a con).Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco.Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.@thesween_bean Thank you.@msmaddiexo Thank you.@manc999 Write to Mark Burnett.@colinhaney Great!@KingOf_Class Thank you.@SimonNWrestler Thank you.@kidsalty No@MeeMawBellefleu Thank you- I did!@billmaher has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!@ProtagonistHero He brought them on himself!@belikehannah  March 3rd.“Go as far as you can see, when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- J. P. Morgan@quiteefranklee  Thanks and enjoy.@quiteefranklee  March 3rd.@ChristianFranzH  Thanks Christian and good luck.China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  Derek is a true champion.Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.Re Lance Armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?"""We’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year..."... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  It’s stupid policy.”- Time To Get Tough... Is a third party coming? I hope not.@kingantoine1  Thanks Antoine..@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smart &amp, beautiful.The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth“Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it, too.” - Think Big“Do your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.”  – Think Like a Billionaire@8zz8 Wrong!@Sheriffbrody @antbaxter Scotland course held up to storm very well.We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to China—like China does to us.Unlike U.S., China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants, we don’t. Stupid!Lance Armstrong’s liability &amp, lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees!Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doing—his life is now officially over!From Bloomberg: “Chrysler’s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.”  I told you so.Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! @Patriots@bradleycmc Thanks Bradley.@pattilee22   Thanks and good luck.“You can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not worth much.” - The Art of the Deal“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton@theHunterWatts  Thanks, enjoy.@BennyDoesTweets  Thanks.Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces &amp, Fashion Jewelry” collection!It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!"""There’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation."" - Time To Get Tough"Still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  Does he even have $5 million?Sadly, I’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it..@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!Back by popular demand, @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmysLance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.By the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!Dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity).I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment........and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.I can’t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @PatriotsCongratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!“I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal@andyliz99  Thank you.“If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it.” - Jerry Bruckheimer@RobertKarlPoker  Thank you.@theviz1 @billmaher  I will try!@NormaWilcox  Thank you.@ChrisPedersen80 @billmaher  Thanks.@HoboShane  I agree.@Kmt9999 @billmaher  Thanks.I can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.“If you’re still in school, pay attention.  Education is a money machine.”  – Think Like a Billionaire@BrunetteLogic  March 3rd.Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.@pellscuse11  Happy BirthdayThe Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin.  Stephen does great.@DaveyD147  Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.@Otgdy27  I won't.@MakingTrevenue  Thanks.@JCRIV305  Thank you.@BowsByBaby  Thanks and good luck.@adambrownagency @MichaelaLBrown  Great!@Farmersagentn8  Thanks, we'll see!@mikepassmore  Thanks.@thomasm25221024  I won't.@JamieHumble  True!@notksanymore  I will!@LaDaleBuggs  Thanks!@Melbelle96  Thanks Melanie.@Spot_O_TEA   Thanks.@richardrvaughn  Thanks."""I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower, but I also had a great product."" - The Art of the Deal"@tonytuanvu  Thank you and good luck.@MStuart1970 @foxandfriends  True!@LaDaleBuggs  Thank you.Again, don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock EST.@JohnJohn1787 @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks John.@shaminabaspr @MarioLopezExtra  Thanks!@jackiediop  Thanks.@dpdouglass @billmaher  Thanks Dana.@FameWhoreBuster @billmaher  Thanks.@MichaelRhorer @billmaher  Thanks.@tazracet  Thanks."""People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going."" -- @TheEllenShow"@henriwts @BaetensGert  Yes.@MattOmell  March 3rd"""Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that."" - Think Like a Billionaire"@carly_russell Thanks Carly, new season starts March 3rd.@sellassellas @billmaher Thanks Brandon.@McGuire1978 @DjP3tieSmallzz  Thank you.@dkc628  Thanks Dorothy.@luvintyger Thank you.@Itsbrttanybitch  Thanks and good luck.@The_JeffH  Thanks Jeff@RayNealRay  Thanks.@joemillerwired @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer..@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  This time, Dennis is a star!@KeithAsh_KASH   Thanks.@Seame_huntin EST@Seame_huntin  Thanks.@BasqueGirl75  Thanks.@Sophiesmom78  I will!@fultonrm @billmaher  I will.@infiniteyounow  My honor.@robgoodwin72 @_KatherineWebb True! They are great.@chuckwoolery @billmaher Chuck--you are great--thanks!@ScottVH1  So am I.@TheRealllJCole @billmaher  True!@davidlemoinejr @billmaher  I will!@Bertoldo1269 @billmaher  True!@Jarboni72 @billmaher Thanks!@Mulligan672 @billmaher  True!@trinityjordan  I won't.@Lversaci @billmaher  Thanks.@rhondaberment Thank you.@storingmaysoul  Thanks."""If you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it."" - Think Big"I will be doing @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock. Will be interesting and tough!I hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!"""Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains."" - Think Like a Billionaire""""Experience is the teacher of all things."" -  Julius Caesar""""All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you."" - Think Big"He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.@Jimmy_Farney @QueyNewton  Great -- Good luck James@BradyMagic @EricTrump Thank you!@HomesWestfield @EricTrump @MyFoxNY @rosannascotto @StJude  Thank you.What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!@Tappersong  The opposite!@brose783  Thanks. Good luck.@aynbluefish  Interesting.@DavidBlanch  Thanks (I think)!@BrittanyToll @TheAuthenticKJ  Not true!@YouCanCallMeR @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.@MissUSA2005  Thanks Chelsea--you are great!I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims.......American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.@milkncookies70  Not easy!@nicolewalker20 I have and I do.@Rosegalwines @RNC Many people agree.@drehm010  Great, thanks.@DJT_biggest_fan  Great!@lilkubes  Great and thanks!.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!@marioraez1 Thanks.@AuthenticSig22 Easier said than done!@nolanitenyc  No.@sandramdocer Happy New Year Sandra.@Adam4integrity  True. @gretawire is great at what she does.@TNMouth  Interesting!@Samco42  No, but I hate incompetence.@LEADERSMag  Great job!@TracyN3109  Seems like it!.@FranksFight  Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!@kristine_kaplan  Happy Birthday KristineWatch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude“Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.” - Samuel Goldwyn@shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher Thanks@Melpace  Thanks!@dalasner Stay tuned!@Haley_Loyal @CelebApprentice @latoyajackson  LaToya is terrific.@dasboot96 @KyleMcCall4  True--just terrible.@schutzhund007  Great--I would rather it be here--by far.@CJohnson623 @billmaher  Stay tuned!@Joeisterrific Thanks Joe.@KevinM_Mielke  True!@USFiscalSanity  Work hard.@caarlatwiter  She's fantastic.@C_A_Pearson True!@TweetsFromNancy  Interesting view!@conniegrn777 @AlabamaFTBL  You should--they are great!“In this game, knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big@381days  Thank you.@Seanelmi  Thanks Sean.@RyanMjAnderson @CelebApprentice March 3rd.The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.@SammyPotatoes  True!Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!“Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire@bonbon823 @TheTeaParty_net  Thanks!@MrDewMaster @newsbusters  I will!@Thee_FrankG  It is great--thanks!@rilwanemeje  Thank you.@HLDRPiper73  Thank you.@DelonMackenze  Thanks.@TVTango @BillRancic  Great reminder--thanks.Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?@ethwhite  Hi EthanCongratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!@grant_wyeth  Thanks Grant.@TheAmandaRose  Great!@adkradio Yes, send address.@infiniteyounow @CelebApprentice  True!@TonifReardon @foxandfriends  Thanks.@vibow54  True!@whitneykray @IvankaTrump  Great!“What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big“The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal@MegAlove04  Thanks!@FrankMDavisJR  You are right.Glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week@yfentrepreneur  thanks--work hard and good luck.@HShoyeb @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Thanks“When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.” - @RealJoeNamathNominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes."""Trump Invitational"" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.".@ewanshearer  Happy Birthday.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!@prncsmo_ @LibertyU  Hi Morgan and good luck.@jkaburu Work hard!@V3CEO  Thank you!"""Never, never, never give up."" - Winston Churchill"@panchOopanchOo @CelebApprentice  March 3rd.@dianahartnett  March 3rd.The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.@AdeleBrumley  Adele--Happy Birthday."""I aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after."" - The Art of the Deal"@KWierzba  Never give up--keep at it!"""Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day."" - Think Big"@jacksback2009 Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.@RealKyleMorris  You will love it!@NeanderthalMan1  Nobody says this!@littllow  Not great!@A123Meoli  True.@richardkle  Thank you!@pastorcab  True.@jmendowns  True!@hellsbells116  Thanks Chris@ChartrandA  Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!@pauljosephjr  Doral is doing great!“Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.”  - Think Big@nicksteinmetz  Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.@sldewey  But a bad one!@MS2202  True and true!@lovebn40  Thanks Heidi.@michelle88fan  I love what @GovernorCorbett is doing.@ahm1038  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!@firefergee  Perhaps so!@CambriaCravy  I told you so!@GrantGill  Thanks@alancravey  That is something to think about, isn't it!@MarkGhuneim  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp, Afghanistan building roads &amp, schools but can’t get money to the NJ &amp, NY Sandy victims?The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?@jamesche85  Dopey, I never went bankrupt.@TonyTurko @robynkonichiwa  She was great!“Think of yourself as a one-man army.  You’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire@KSherrill_4  Thanks.@Chadfisher3  Thanks.@WesDunn  Wilson!@georgeokc  Thanks--let's see what happens.@beverlism  Good place!@TheSisko @RNC  Sounds like it!The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!"“In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish."" - The Art of the Deal"@PashtunPrince  March 3rd.@Fleur498  The Art of the Deal is a good start.@mimi_187  Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.@SarahB205 I get you!@jamesche85  I do complain.@DrJoySchaffer I fully understand your question.@maverick1195 Thanks, I think!I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.@Skyhawk442  Yes, and I am Presbyterian.@vikinggroup1  True!@PRDay Wilson--but he probably won't get it.@jimmyscissor  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.@prince1fares A total mess!@GOP2014FTW @GOP  Third party is tough.@gretawire Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not..@RGIII &amp, @DangeRussWilson &amp, Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.“If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think BigThis ‘deal’ @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation.....Remember--I told you so.Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term..@GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.The Republicans must face reality &amp, create a strong &amp, positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.“If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get ToughCongratulations to @RobinRoberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.“I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the DealDoes any Republican have the ability to negotiate?This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!"""@ronmeier123: @Macys Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest, You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!""""""@gillule4: @realDonaldTrump incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Club😄happy New Year""""""@JobSnarechs: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"" So true!""""@djspookyshadow: Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!""""@cpetelis: @realDonaldTrump If you run for President I, a democrat will vote for you. Watched Merideth Show on 12/22"""To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!"""@UP1775: @realDonaldTrump 2k16 man👍"""In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable."""@peter_upfield: @realDonaldTrump @frank_puggi Run Donald, Run!""""""@SellingVA: ""@realDonaldTrump: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.""""""""@frank_puggi: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him."""What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!"""@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @rinibobusepi Mr. Trump, will you consider running for President? The country needs you.""""""@ronmeier123 @bryabntshirley1 Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!""""""@rinibobusepi: RT @realDonaldTrump “You're never a loser until you quit trying,” - Mike Ditka""""""@gigicats6: Am sooo glad that Joan R will still be on CA, as I'm sure all of her fans are. Thank you for honoring her this way.""""""@HebExcursions: @realDonaldTrump Tours of Lewis and Harris with Hebridean Excursions""  Great places!""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump You are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us &amp, you forgive the haters &amp, loosers!""".@CoachDanMullen  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!"""@VeryOddDog: What's BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision, interpid leadership &amp, PLAIN COMMON SENSE of @realDonaldTrump for PRESIDENT!""""""@bryabntshirley1: @realDonaldTrump yeah Donald can't wait to see apprentice been too long""""""@VRafaaa: @realDonaldTrump What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil!  She gets a solid 10!""""@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, we need your kind of art. The world needs more of your Poetry of Profit. A TRUE artist!""""""@krb117: “@IvankaTrump: @CoachDanMullen Welcome to #TrumpDoral and good luck on Wednesday! cc:  #OrangeBowl” well well.. #HailState"""If you can’t see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks."""@RamonAtila: I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps""""""@Paulynesian: You got to love @realDonaldTrump ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!""""""@F_Anne_Spears: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.""""""@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump great job on @foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another #clinton""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump inspiring words on @foxandfriends this morning great job as always""""""@mloughlin: This country needs @realDonaldTrump to run for president""""""@fackinpeter: Just watched you on @foxandfriends while putting on a @realDonaldTrump tie getting ready for work #DoubleTrump"@foxandfriends in two minutes."""@MarkFleming22: @realDonaldTrump Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice?"" Pete Rose &amp, let him in Hall!""""@TheOnlyCdorsey: Wearing the @realDonaldTrump signature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood""""""@995mu: No once respect is lost, it's gone forever, always suspicion in any relationship @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends""""""@PMuisiner: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Looking forward to his thoughts""""""@ElephantPeacock: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Nice lil' cliff hanger you've created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.""""""@DrChimRickles: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! #Trump2016""""@twinroj: @realDonaldTrump im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american #Trump2016""""""@MarriamF: My bday just been so perfect so far 💗 only way it will be better if my inspiration @realDonaldTrump wishes me happy bday 👌"""Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15."""@hwpal: @realDonaldTrump Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American &amp,the value of great capitalism #trump16""""""@sheryl_laine: DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise""""@coolwillie13: @realDonaldTrump You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! #Trump2016""""""@Firehart555: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching Mr Trump.""""""@Thescroggins12: @realDonaldTrump @Mer_1135 @blakemharris Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !""""""@Mer_1135: @blakemharris @realDonaldTrump Ronald Reagan was an actor, &amp, look at what a great job he did.""""I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15"" Hope you enjoy and agree!""""@AnnieDrews: @followdotch @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.""Get well!""""@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou""""""@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou"" Thanks.""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016""""""@truckncargirl:  @fionacarterr Trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless Need to #vote #Trump2016""""""@crazymamaa: Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8.. @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump #excited I watch every year!!""""""@fionacarterr: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016""""""@Michiganman567: @ronmeier123 @lookupfolks I would like to see @realDonaldTrump in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard,""""""@Jon_Albanese: .@RealGilbert on @realDonaldTrump's @ApprenticeNBC. I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling, laughing tirade - cry-laugh.""""""@stinger_inc: Good thing I tuned into this Steelers/Bengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donald's @ApprenticeNBC starts next Sunday!""""@grantwgates: @ESPNCaddie @TrumpDoral I made birdie on #8 last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end! #TrumpDoral""""""@LizMPizz: Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam. @realDonaldTrump @ChicagoCut""""""@benfromdallas: @realDonaldTrump 2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward""""""@TrumpLasVegas: It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate. @realDonaldTrump""""@dk_barnes1: #NowReading @realDonaldTrump 's Trump: The Art of the Deal 📖""""""@LillyWinfree: @realDonaldTrump You are so wise!! I cant wait until youre president!! ❤️🎉😍#TrumpWinfree2016""""""@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump and @mcuban and @WarrenBuffett are my favorite billionaires and heroes.""""""@LizBaregu: @realDonaldTrump You would make a great GOP President Mr Trump!💯💯💯💯""""""@ItIsJohnDoe: Merry Christmas Mr But this country can't have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse (as our President)""""""@RachaelMarieabl: I refuse to vote in 2016 unless @realDonaldTrump is running &amp, if he's not I'm getting a one way ticket outta here""""""@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump Time for a great President You are needed urgently""""""@tristanmf: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president ! Trump for America ! #Trump2016""""""@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!""""""@SparkleAWin: @realDonaldTrump Any chance of working w/@VinceMcMahon again soon... Always, Vince is a great guy and a winner!""""@SukhyJaveed: Merry Christmas, would one like to give the gift of mentoring? I'm building my empire &amp, you certainly know how to build them""""""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if #TRUMP is PREZ!""""""@benfromdallas: If i tweet anything in 2015, it should be @realDonaldTrump for President if the World wants to see another 20 years.""""@garyleelogan1: @realDonaldTrump ...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !""""""@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump you can't lose in 2015 or 2016. Merry Christmas.""""""@Cyrus_T_Virus: The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are a @realDonaldTrump presidential campaign and a BOFA! #Trump2016""""""@itsRyanHilton: @realDonaldTrump Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States!  Well, America would be great again. Thanks.""""@ChampagneGlam: @politico @realDonaldTrump Card was the best""""""@thatshortkidJoe: Merry Christmas @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@ashtonjfloyd: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man""""@teresayarbor: @realDonaldTrump love that you say #MerryChristmas, not just Happy Holidays!""""""@cisrabbit: Not to mention we already had two Bush presidents, neither of which were too successful. Insanity would be to want a third.""""""@thegre8_1: Please run for President would be a better choice than @mittromney Seeing @pennjillette tomorrow&gt,was great on #apprentice""""""@kbssidhu1961: @realDonaldTrump Just Do It!""""""@SassyPantsjj: Merry CHRISTMAS! Can't wait 4 Celebrity Apprenctice my favorite show on TV, need more than 1 a year! I will EP it for you!""""""@abanoubabdel: @realDonaldTrump Trump for president 2016""""""@vivianbrown21: @realDonaldTrump A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you &amp, family! !""""""@replaybeatles: @realDonaldTrump hope you are part of that leadership! Merry Christmas to you and your family.""""""@moniquehorsey: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas! Hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day."" Thank you.""""@randallburton20: @realdonaldtrump Merry Christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders"""Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!"""@_stepharv32: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on have a great Christmas @realDonaldTrump you're a true inspiration."" Thanks!""""@Great_Cudi: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! :)""  Cute, same!""""@barrman: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president!""""""@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION""""""@CoalCitizens: All I want for Christmas is @realDonaldTrump to run for president!""""""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!""""""@titletown899004: @realDonaldTrump @tamkyn @mooovin_on Well then, run and I'll vote for you. Merry Christmas!""""""@fsdiva06: Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President""""@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Always admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!""""@theinfinitus1:  @DRJAMESCABOT @TrumpPanama Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches, exotic people, what a vibe!""""""@alangnahz: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president, ever since I read The Art of The Deal""""""@Tnyankeefan35: @realDonaldTrump Get it done Donald! #MerryRollTideChristmas""""""@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump plz run for president.""""""@mooovin_on: No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to be @realDonaldTrump. Time for #Trump2016""""""@MattTemplin: @realDonaldTrump I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.""""""@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire!"" Thanks!""""@jenniii0rozco: @realDonaldTrump @inboxleekersey i keep saying you should run for President!""""""@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump if u ran for president I would vote for you!""""""@jimmycapo65: @realDonaldTrump I would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me, Happy Holidays!""""""@nickzizzo77: I'm not calling @realDonaldTrump out or anything but how about you run for president?!""  Watch!""""@rickjones220: @realDonaldTrump full support""""""@inboxleekersey: @realDonaldTrump I'm 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President, I would vote for you."" THANK YOU!""""@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC My birthday's Jan. 3 &amp, #CelebApprentice returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ,)""""""@jjbentleyartist: @realDonaldTrump If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain""""""@N7_Batchelor: What @realDonaldTrump had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.""""""@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the #CelebrityApprentice to start in January.""""""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST &amp, DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!""""""@yungcarps: I believe in @realDonaldTrump 2016 🇺🇸""""""@LucyJen33: @realDonaldTrump Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.""""""@nancypa14679248: @realDonaldTrump @bisignano912704 Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones,God Bless""  Thank you!""""@Garrett__Cox: Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show, always top level television""""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump loser newspaper &amp, loser comedian!""""""@Max_Dub12: Still one of my all time favorite cameos. ""Down the hall and to the left"" @realDonaldTrump #HomeAlone #classic""""""@bisignano912704: @realDonaldTrump liberal rag is done""""""@MIKEOLMUSIC:I absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season""""""@TangoEchoAlpha: @realDonaldTrump ..who the F is Bill Maher?"" Nobody really!""""@MIKEOLMUSIC:  Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.""""""@Henrylewski: @realDonaldTrump I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.""""""@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean, you need no one's money.""""@fa6891e38f8f4bf DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSH'S IN WH OR WE R DONE""""@liquidkowboy: @realDonaldTrump We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 #2016Election #USA #NoMoreClintons"Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp, gone!"""@rpoole1954: @RealPro4Real @realDonaldTrump Doesn't get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!#Dubai""""""@linsey_gile: Wise words spoken by Donald Trump: Sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war.""""""@MATAblets: ""Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing""-Donald Trump Lean from the best!""""@Its_TSize: Never realized that @realDonaldTrump was in Home Alone 2 the man does everything #Trump2016""""""@CPcoasterguy94: Always caught off guard when @realDonaldTrump makes the appearance in Home Alone 2 😄""""""@Mrs_JPG: RT @realDonaldTrump: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one."""Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?"""@LanaEdwards77: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice to begin! Should be interesting..."""Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you."""@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @AplemonLemon You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!""""@JamersonHayes: Yes @realDonaldTrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter""""""""@denn: DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him, the man 'gets it'. very important for modern leaders IMO.""""""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter""""""@rick_royer: @realDonaldTrump on point as always""""""@StacieLarson777: @foxandfriends Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! :)...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..""""""@SHMann55:DonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you on @foxandfriends. El Presidente, Holder, Sharpton have set race back 30 years"""On @foxandfriends in two minutes!"""@DRJAMESCABOT: @lovusa4: 6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CAN'T absorb data fast""""""@moniquehorsey: I really admire @realDonaldTrump."" Thank you!""""@LaneJh: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!"""Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!"""@SUSANANDREWS12: “Can't wait RT @ApprenticeNBC: “It’s the nastiest I’ve ever seen.” — @RealDonaldTrump on this season of #CelebApprentice""""""@EyedUsa: @realDonaldTrump You are the only man to save America!""""@gaildemarest: @realDonaldTrump i agree Mr.Trump should run for President,has brains and integrity,please get this country back on track.""""""@stkhlder3: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump CAN NOT WAIT!!!!! fav is @BrandiGlanville !!!!!""""""@FeliceCori: @realDonaldTrump. I like when someone who does not need money is getting into polItics.""""@Etownsend739: Mr. Trump, today is my birthday. My wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction""""""@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump FORGET THE REST , NO ONE IS UP TO SPEED ON THIS RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT YOU. SO TAKE IT FROM THE BABYS !!!""""@ChristopherCud1: @realDonaldTrump YOU CAN WALK AWAY WITH THIS JOB: GO GO""""""@frickylie: @realDonaldTrump so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. Been a big fan since like 4th grade""  Great!""""@VladimirRussia7: ""@realDonaldTrump :Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!""""""""@JebBushIsAIdiot: The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 Are @SenRandPaul Or @realDonaldTrump""""""@HarveyPelovsky: @realDonaldTrump. We need you badly to run for President. You are a Patriot and we desperately need one. Run!!!!!!!!!!""""""@FeyerWoman74: You sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. We need a proven businessman who is a born leader!""""""@tearsofthedying: @realDonaldTrump this will be our year to shine.""""""@000HermanSJr000: @GolfDigest Richly deserved #Trump.Looking forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.""""@JJ55334767: @realDonaldTrump please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again""""""@rajeevicha: @realDonaldTrump @VeryOddDog quite agree. Need to see Mr Trump more in public life""""""@SAKREV: @realDonaldTrump @erotao @IsraeliPM @netanyahu Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel.""""""@VeryOddDog: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!""""""@SavannahMcPeek: I really hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president.He would definitely have my vote! Patriotism at it's finest!! #Trump2016"Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt DisneyRomney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp, expecting a different result.If only Obama would treat @IsraeliPM @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp, dangerous for our national security.Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops."""@SeeCLyde1  Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you!"" Thanks.""""@WartenbergHans  @JoshuaBlack2014 One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind."" True!"Not so smart after all ... Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.Should have settled ... Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.Pigs get slaughtered ... again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @SonyPicturesAmy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity."""@brian_zajac  @realDonaldTrump I'm looking forward to staying @TrumpChicago tonight!  I have heard wonderful things.""  Great--enjoy!"Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re Sony &amp, BushI'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. Be sure to tune in!"""@JeremyWinder: We need @realDonaldTrump in office. Guide this country back to its roots!!""""""@earlallencarr: @realDonaldTrump that's why we need and want you to run for president""""""@rblairbrown: This sentiment of just 'give in easily' wouldn't exist if we had a Trump presidency in place. Run Mr Trump... We need you!""""""@Jhauganiii: Sounds gr8 MT @jennyrogersDC: Jose Andres to run the primary restaurant at @realDonaldTrump 's Old Post Office hotel.""""@KarenMonsour12: @realDonaldTrump @Vote4Wallace Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise, what ""You Enjoy"" doing right now, won't exist!""""@rebelgirl1213: @realDonaldTrump @Carrienguns America cannot survive another Bush! #NoMoreBush""""""@dxdelafu: RT @realDonaldTrump: THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton.""""""@EileenJael: @realDonaldTrump @Carrienguns Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?""""@Teeroyd: @realDonaldTrump you told America what needs to happen with china, trade, jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016!""""@Marleykush__: Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!! @realDonaldTrump"""After destroying the Middle East &amp, our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp, really knew entertainment. He will be missed!Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston ChurchillObama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @ESPN. Then he plays golf, fundraises &amp, grants amnesty to illegals.Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!“See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up"""@kyle_42120: Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump running for #president? YES please! #youhavemyVote""""""@kyle_42120: @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT. #2016 #RealChange 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺""""@GetsThruBuckner: America needs @realDonaldTrump""""""@rightwingMerca: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@Ferlpb: @realDonaldTrump GOVERNMENT SHOULD SPEND THAT ON FIGHTING ISIS. RUN FOR PRESIDENT, DONALD. YOU CAN DO IT.""""""@matthewclement4: @realDonaldTrump For president""""""@tpratt31: DO YOUR FELLOW PATRIOTS PROUD AND RUN @realDonaldTrump RUN! #weneedapatriot #1600pennsylvaniaave #2016 #patriotwithabrain"""How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?"""@L3nny85: Incredible interview @megynkelly I hope @SenJohnMcCain was watching. cc: @realDonaldTrump @wolfblitzer #TortureReport #TRUTH"""“Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred HitchcockThe CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!"""@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump You're a legend!!""  Wow!""""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @chadj19 Country needs to rise &amp, be great again! So we need great men &amp, leaders at the top!!"" True!""""@dpinsen: @realDonaldTrump America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it.""""""@ItsBenHorsfall: @realDonaldTrump I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president, is this true?""  Stay tuned!""""@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP 2016""""""@PianoBecca: Amercia really needs a man like @realDonaldTrump. And why settle for ""LIKE"" him? USA needs TRUMP!  Thanks!""""@Keven_GR7: @realDonaldTrump I want to live in a U.S. where you are President""  Thank you!""""@RomeroRobbins:  @Blarescape3 @foxandfriends Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability &amp, viability with the world!"" EASY!""""@sgrayva: @realDonaldTrump didn't don imus make that same mistake""  Yes!""""@AgnesphAgnes: @realDonaldTrump One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!He's on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton &amp, Amy Pascal.""""@FlorenceDiLeo: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends glad you're a part of foxandfriends!""""""@DerekVarsalona: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Listening to you now. you are great.""""@NCconserv: @realDonaldTrump great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on @FoxNews! #tcot #RedNationRising""""@alvinkaisi: @realDonaldTrump @BigBobbyWatson Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her!"" True, she is a fool!""""@DavideBergstein @AllenWest A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president', 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy/world""""@gabriellamileti: ""She should be terminated for being stupid."" Best quote of the day from THE  @foxandfriends #betterwithfriends""""""@Sailing_J: @realDonaldTrump you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan""""""@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump outstanding insight on Fox this morning #trumpforpresidemt"""I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!"""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong &amp, abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014"" I agree but have already been twice!""""@Jetsbb: @realDonaldTrump That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the @nyjets"" I agree!"The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!"""@888maggie888: @ApprenticeNBC I want to see @realDonaldTrump ! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife is  amazing too!""""""@Shoove11: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@RTMARTINAZ: @realDonaldTrump America could sure use you in 2016, sir!""” Yes please!!""""""@KingOf_Class: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!""""""@Gdestefano95: Anyone else like to see Trump in office? He's an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!""""@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump People with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in #US. And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants.""""""@hersheyKISSling: I'd have to say that @realDonaldTrump has one of the best accounts on Twitter""""""@onecherfan: @realDonaldTrump @BB1fanTambra never thought I'd say this but Mr Trump ur right!""""""@IgnaciusG: @realDonaldTrump @greta You are awesome, sir! Thank you for gifting our marine!""""""@JackWitty: I don't want a party as My President, I want a decisive,confident Leader. @realDonaldTrump will ""fire"" China. Give US a spark""""""@MaximizeNetwork: @realDonaldTrump #Inspiration Thank you!""""""@tray24u1: ""@realDonaldTrump: If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump is so Right about everything for SURE! Not olny is he smart he has BUSINESS EXPERENCE that makes good #Prez""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump when will you anounce your running for Presedent? Thousands-- MILLLIONS-- have baited breath we NEED you!""""""@YoChambers: @realDonaldTrump @toptv005 @VikkiTB we've had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism, bad economy etc...""""""@toptv005: @VikkiTB he was thé Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama &amp, people blamed him? Well, he was right!"""“Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan"""@VikkiTB: @realDonaldTrump is so right with everything he is saying run... Please run for president"""Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!"""@Everclear_King: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"""When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns"""@ConstanceMcN: @realDonaldTrump: Donald, I am in love and admire you! Run for president in 2016 and all will be well!"""The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!"""@jvas1110: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT !!!!""""""@LeezaGibbons: @IanZiering Congrats on @ChainsawBrands ! DonaldTrump must be proud ! #Sharknado"" Way to go @IanZiering, you are a winner!""""@PianoBecca: I AM GOING TO VOTE FOR @realDonaldTrump IN 2016 BECAUSE WE NEED A LEADER WITH VISION!""""@PeterDay20: @realDonaldTrump love how you speak your mind""  Well, somebody has to!"These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?"""@redvetttes: @realDonaldTrump @itsRyanHilton if he tells China where to go ,He has my vote""""""@The_Lady_Colors: @realDonaldTrump @itsRyanHilton He would be the very best of what this country needs today!""""""@PianoBecca: Nothing more important for America to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP! #Prez""""@itsRyanHilton:  I honestly can't wait forTrump to announce he is running for President - a strong no BS leader who will put America 1st""""""@BenTrawlins: @realDonaldTrump Hitting the Ice over at @TrumpRink ! World Class!!""""""@PianoBecca: This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrump rules!"Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often &amp, then tell them it was because they are the enemy!Obama &amp, Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!I will miss @Letterman &amp, doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp, smart. You never knew what would happen --  but he was fair!Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reasonEntrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation."""@BenTrawlins @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Riding that tiger as we speak!""  Great!""""@M_Sallis: @realDonaldTrump what is the completion date for the #VancouverProperty #TrumpVancouver""  Soon!""""@SAVEHICNO1: MR. TRUMP, I THINK YOU OUGHT TO DO AN APPRENTICE SHOW FOR PEOPLE TO COME UP FOR A WINNING STRADEGY FOR YOU TO RUN IN 2016""""""@KillianZane: I'll be the vp for @realDonaldTrump when he is president"" You would be better than what we have now!""""@NathanGC: @realDonaldTrump Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!""""""@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one?"" Soon!""""@KillianZane: Let @realDonaldTrump run out country""""""@Al4uk: @realDonaldTrump was in Chicago and saw your sign on your building. It looks great!!""""""@jimrobbins1973: DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target #1 for terrorists. That's the reason for the maximum security""""@AZigmann: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President."""Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.“Generals don't panic, then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQRomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp, return all taxpayer money."""@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump please run for president""""""@SirMikeAdams: Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. It can all change!""""@DRJAMESCABOT: @realDonaldTrump @joelleangeli rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...""""""@itsRyanHilton: VOTE @realDonaldTrump for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again""""""@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @LLL3_0 @BrandiGlanville @ArenaTV Congratulations to you all!""""""@bereasonable2: @realDonaldTrump @gpoch918 yes, please vote for him in 2 yrs""""""@MIKE_CENA2015: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you Mr Trump &amp, I don't even vote ...""""""@joelde: You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?""  No, never!""""@dhammie0897: Looking forward to a great weekend @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump ...hearing outstanding things about this @trumpcollection""""""@fiteswithheart: @realDonaldTrump In a NY minute!""""""@DonnaFins: @realDonaldTrump America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!""""""@RealSQUEZZ: AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN, IF ONLY @REALDONALDTRUMP IS VOTED IN. #PresidentTrump2016""""""@PianoBecca: First order of business for America is to  elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!""""""@LLL3_0: Awesome. @BrandiGlanville Australia is screening #CelebrityApprentice 12 Jan can't wait @ArenaTV @realDonaldTrump""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!""""""@joelleangeli: DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be! #Tump2016"" So true!""""@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will end poverty!""""""@ronmeier123: The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!""""""@AlexBrochesMTV: Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!""""@illStayGolden: @realDonaldTrump is the man.""  Thanks.""""@Youxia88: Good idea. RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.""""""""@BBCoachKK: @realDonaldTrump @TheTyler_S Who needs sleep when your the one and only #DonaldTrump ?""""""@ZackBaird52: @realDonaldTrump for President in 2016, you have my vote""""""@GetawaysGolf: If I could write one book in the next 5 years, it would be following the DonaldTrump and @TigerWoods partnership in Dubai""""@michh_amber: Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is @realDonaldTrump ! Please run for president 🙏""""""@TheTyler_S: .@realDonaldTrump your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film""""""@accidental_boss: Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once #donaldtrumpforprez @realDonaldTrump""""""@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.""""""@InsideGolfNews: @TigerWoods and @realDonaldTrump have drafted plans for a new championship golf course.""""@Nottinghams1: @FWproud #JohnRoberts biggest turncoat of them all. We know what #ObamaTheDestroyer is but JR pretends to be #Conservative""""""@ZANDIO: @realDonaldTrump where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? #StopDividingTheUSA""""""@murphysociety: @realDonaldTrump @Tyler_Allreddd and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?""""""@keeli_munkres: @realDonaldTrump for president 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!"""@iosuahh: It feels good working overtime &amp, knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day. 😂""  Cute!""""@FLGorman_HB: Lunch w Donald Trump @icsc New York National Dealmaking. Really good.""""""@katilynn_paygee: Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..""""""@dleonaard: Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me 👌""""""@MikeBayham: watching Home Alone 2 on AMC, first time in decades...didn't realize @realDonaldTrump was in it."" I was!""""@overcaves: @optigan4 vote @realDonaldTrump 2016""""""@optigan4: @overcaves @realDonaldTrump no one could run our country better &lt,3"""Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp, raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.Very sad &amp, dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.“The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning.” - @jacknicklausWe're missing a lot of information on autism. Support @AutismSpeaks' project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG"""@abaker20:  @realDarrin I'm so excited for this upcoming season of #CelebrityApprentice. This looks like it's going to be amazing""""""@pipo442: @realDonaldTrump @fackinpeter @TIME You are the soul of NYC."" Thank you!""""@GolfRecruiter: @TigerWoods to design 18 hole course at #AKOYA #Oxygen @realDonaldTrump #Dubai can't wait to visit..."" A fantastic place!""""@fackinpeter: I don't care what @Time says, @realDonaldTrump is my person of the year""""""@CarriagewayGuy: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald you've mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!""""""@wendijo24: @realDonaldTrump so excited for #celebrityapprentice Looks like a great group of people!!""""""@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump YES MR. TRUMP YOUR A SHOE IN TO WIN. RUN DONALD RUN""""""@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @PianoBecca You are and always will be the man! Please run!""""@PianoBecca: When all is said &amp, done we need a smart man, a couragious man, a sensible man, &amp, a BUSINESSMAN. That man is @realDonaldTrump!""""@EggMac1: “@realDonaldTrump: Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today, it was Great."""Sorry, @Rosie is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!"""@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump You are a rockstar!"" No, just someone who wants to see things done right, but thanks!""""@MichaelMeram: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio This war with @Rosie is halarious. @realDonaldTrump keeps roasting her"" She starts, I finish!""""@TheBrianM: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio I can't believe they haven't fired Rosie yet."" They will, soon!".@GolfMagazine is great, thanks!"""@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump @StationarySpace @GolfMagazine YOU HAVE MY VOTE DONALD""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump Biggest mistake of 2014 was ABC rehiring @rosie""""""@Lotuschild32: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. #TheView""""""@Biggdaddy1989: @realDonaldTrump @GolfMagazine Very NICE!!""""""@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Great job today on @foxandfriends""""""@StationarySpace: @realDonaldTrump @GolfMagazine TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC!""  Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!""""@Legendisland: @realDonaldTrump The Nick Saban of business!!""""Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - ""BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION"" - &amp, ""ALL TIME"""Wow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!"""@ChefMedz: 2016 gotta happen @realDonaldTrump""""Our country and our ""leaders"" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA""""When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.""    -- Thomas A. Edison"Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp, pro-energy Senator.The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp, military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies."""@WPS1879LTD: We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from @realDonaldTrump""  Great!""""@shoot69towin: I went to Doral over the holidays,have to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional."""They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!"""@LiamMcKercher: @realDonaldTrump We need @realDonaldTrump to be President""""""@fgthegman: @realDonaldTrump @StarsEntLive @kevinjonas @IanZiering WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!""""""@App_master12: @realDonaldTrump would get my vote for president any day!!! #America""""""@MyNameIsLONG1: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@JoseThePaisa: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump do you know how sad it's to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic""""@adamhasasneh: “@Scott__Marx: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump run for president and win #Trump2016” @MatthewMercer7""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to watch you on @foxandfriends tomorrow. I'm sure you have some wise thoughts about #EricGarner""""@victahh11: ""@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.""""""""@teresalynnarthu: @BrandiGlanville @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@steveaustin36: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC best reality show on tv""""""@southpaw_08: @realDonaldTrump for President!!!!""""""@JackWitty: @Wharton @IvankaTrump Ur a smart lady.Hope @realDonaldTrump bcomes POTUS.Know he's busy,but.....!""""@FastTrackTalent: @realDonaldTrump booked @terrellowens for @ApprenticeNBC ?? I have to watch this!! #Apprentice #GetYourPopcornready.""""@kyle_diehl34: The next celebrity apprentice cast is 🔥 @realDonaldTrump"" True!""""@A_Roy0317: The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump pick people apart in the boardroom.""""""@Sundropaholic: FINALLY @ApprenticeNBC returns! @realDonaldTrump rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it."" Great!""""@steff17brown: My biggest hero will forever be @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"" Thank you.""""@TheReelChrisLee: @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Best show on television""""""@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Can't wait!""""""@MMayer87: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch the show!"" January 4th.""""@Chris_R_2014: I will step over them to buy a @realDonaldTrump tie.""""""@CC1285: @realDonaldTrump please run for president !!! So many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!""""""@adidasfevernova: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald - where can I purchase a #Trump2016 campaign shirt? Any details soon?""""""@Mogainc @realDonaldTrump @CelebApprentice when is the new season starting? I can't wait any longer....#celebrityapprentice"" January 4th"Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman“Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.” - Alec Guinness"""@Tacosandmore @realDonaldTrump just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shirts"" Thanks.""""@Dietztaa_9: If Donald Trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his Twitter account alone""""""@vidopisugam: RT @realDonaldTrump The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA""""""@DKielbiski: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @SpeakingTruth11 @samcgirl Donald trump always gets it right! Brandiglanville is awesome.""""@tpratt31:Just saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching #homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! What's in the NY water?""""""@baileyandy69: @SaggaSwagga @WayneASchneider Donald Trump would be an amazing president because he's not gonna sugar coat anything. #TRUMP""""""@raisingarlic: @realDonaldTrump just set my DVR to record Celebrity Apprentice Jan. 4 Don't want to miss a second!!"" Great.""""@bucezoxisesu: @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP: The Art of The Deal! A must read!"“You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – Trump: How to Get Rich“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give UpCongress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.“Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge.” - Philip Sidney"""@worrywarto: @FoxNews @CNN @YahooNews @abcnews Now that he's a Lame Duck &amp, doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out!"" True.""""@amegarity: @realDonaldTrump was down in Doonbeg on sunday, stunning place, any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife.""""@Christina820x: @BrandiGlanville can't wait to see you on apprentice!!! @NBCNews @realDonaldTrump""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Time's person of the year""""""@Hotdamsel2: @realDonaldTrump Yeah Please run for President, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office!""""@KenJLThomson: @realDonaldTrump @mikerugg1 for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!""""""@GibsonLuke7: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump-2016-All the way""""""@OVOTim: @realDonaldTrump you should definitely run for president and fix this country""""""@mikerugg1: @realDonaldTrump is the man America needs #Trump2016""""""@MasterBaxter8: Rosie &amp, Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump. #trump2016""""""@adamsteinbaugh: @realDonaldTrump please, please, please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning.""""""@SaggaSwagga: @realDonaldTrump I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL (GOOD) change to America! #Trump2016""""@shelbytaylor3: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, I would have hopes for this country again.""""""@jdbailey08: @MurphyTasha and I think @realDonaldTrump should run for president. Make it happen sir.""""""@metalfirefrog: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio @aphonapelma trump would have my vote hands down""""""@TylerBelawske: @realDonaldTrump @kaitlin_bunch then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!""""""@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created"" I agree!""""@MichaelMeram: @realDonaldTrump would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper""  But with heart!""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @aphonapelma If Trump were nominee in 2012, GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!""""""@aphonapelma: @realDonaldTrump Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House: ""You're Fired!""""""""@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump -please-when does celebrity apprentice start????""  January 4th.""""@EnlighTea: The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait""""""@kaitlin_bunch: @realDonaldTrump do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?""  YES!""""@DunkaRooney: @realDonaldTrump your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff, you should be in more movies""""""@Salvato231Janet: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn you got my vote""""""@mrjgp: @realDonaldTrump awesome howard stern interview!""""""@hufseyg: @realDonaldTrump I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president 💁""""""@Crowhogan33: So glad I'm able to vote now, so if @realDonaldTrump runs for president, I can vote for him.""""""@DanKonservative: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?!"" Yes!""""@Dawn__Patrol:  @louise_kruger1 @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice, ♡ The Donald! Finally, I've been waiting 2 long!""""""@tlrchrstphrbrsn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president""""""@BillPickle:  I would like to support DT, if I knew he was serious about going for it. Been disappointed more than once.""  Just watch!""""@louise_kruger1: @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait for celeb apprentice, my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!""""""@jeffferrier: @realDonaldTrump first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since""""@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to announce that he's running for President""""""@KaelaDianne97: @realDonaldTrump is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business, WHAT A MAN!!"" Thanks.""""@SpeakingTruth11: @realDonaldTrump @samcgirl me too! I'm such a big fan of @BrandiGlanville !!""""""@peter_bollini: ""@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has 2B season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!""""""@GQ_MURPHY: @realDonaldTrump your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .""""""@andrew_schinds: I'd rather be golfing with @realDonaldTrump""""""@mrjonathandavis: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald! You're awesome, smart, classy! My mom met u in Tahoe and is now in love.""""@HMunjal: .@realDonaldTrump is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur!"" Thank you.""""@HolaCatarina: If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet  @realDonaldTrump #LoveHim""""""@kvstravel: @realDonaldTrump as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton&amp,bush as potus""""""@saltytrey: @KellyMcKayShow @realDonaldTrump @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC High praise indeed.""""""@lee_nall: Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced, making this country GREAT again, now that's a Legacy!!""""""@StrikeTrump: Hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!""""""@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has to be said: the new season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!""""@samcgirl: @DMartinMMXII @realDonaldTrump I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for #CelebrityApprentice - seriously!❤️😍❤️""""@AmFam2013: @realDonaldTrump @TMZ_Politics You would have my vote Donald Trump""""""@stewy1510: @realDonaldTrump @thefulldish U should run for president and help us out of it"In the very least, Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order.It’s Tuesday. How many more ‘The View’ Execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? Show is failing.Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!“Success is dependent on effort.” - Sophocles"""@JessArrigo: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!! Make it happen, we need an intelligent leader! 💞 #trumpforpresident""""""@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .""""""@MsVivicaFox: @LeezaGibbons @Jules_2010 @ApprenticeNBC  @IanZiering @lorenzolamas @kevinjonas Miss ya too darling! Happy Holidays! TTYS,)""""""@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump awesome. Ill be watching. Kick some butt!""""""@TylerTheKicker: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song""""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics I believe that too! Run, DT! Please!""""""@iluvmorso: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to see the Apprentice - it's back finally"" On January 4th.""""@1Kathleen75: @realDonaldTrump @TMZ_Politics Because you won't take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us, I truly believe this."" True!""""@ma.Has anyone mentioned to @realDonaldTrump that ""Celebrity Apprentice"" is a brilliant concept?Celeb egos feed content. Masses eat it up!""""""@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to announce that he's running for President""""""@Deanna_Lea_: @celebritytroll  True, but America is starved for leadership and he's our best option. Ted Cruz etc are canned rhetoric""""""@BJKizer74: Mr.Trump, I love that you are crushing the #CowardInChief on social media. As a former Marine I have ZERO respect for #Obummer.""""@BJKizer74: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016 America needs a POTUS with balls to stop America from being a worldwide laughingstock.""""@TMZ_Politics: Say what you want about this: #ISIS would not exist under President @realDonaldTrump""""""@Jerm_AHOLIC  @realDonaldTrump @Rosie you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!""  First night!"If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp, Congress exempted their staffs?Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously."""@EyeAmSMF @DRUDGE_REPORT  @realDonaldTrump should replace @Rosie on The View. :-)"" Well, they would then get great ratings!""""@maxmfoto @realDonaldTrump’s cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movie""  Thanks.".@WhoopiGoldberg Don’t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude &amp, not smart. She is not in your league.Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth"""@topcat33831795: @foxandfriends Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was #AlSharpton Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.""""@GZervs: Love listening to @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends it's the perfect start to my morning &amp, week!""""""@ceovince: @realDonaldTrump We need a president who doesn't take any (crap) from anybody!!! #TrumpForPresident""""""@CMILLE__: @GREATGAETANO @realDonaldTrump he's a str8 foward guy &amp, does things the way it's needed to be done""""""@Deanna_Lea_: @realDonaldTrump you'd win the south #presidenttrump""""""@KenJohnson21: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I can't wait Donald, my Monday is complete!""""""@Sam_Keady: You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go #TrumpForPresident""""""@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident""""""@CMILLE__: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@MSmoldt: @realDonaldTrump ""The American dream is alive and well"" good interview on @FoxNews this AM #GYTU ☝️""""""@CMILLE__: @realDonaldTrump is a real individual , very brilliant man!  Thank you."I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  Enjoy!"""@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!"""Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan."""@JHasseyjr: ""@abunnieslife: Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank""""""@Bugsben20: @ODINVIKING76 @realDonaldTrump right on Donald can't be bought like the rest of them!""""""@Nancy_Miracle: @realDonaldTrump please run for President. You would be a wonderful leader"" Thank you!""""@brianfinn96: @realDonaldTrump Hope to see you back in Doonbeg as President of USA""""""@BobMenziesGolf: @realDonaldTrump @TylerClodfelter It should be locker #1, in my opinion! #Trump2016""""""@giantsandles: only @realDonaldTrump can get the economy back on track, clean up the government"" I agree, stay tuned!""""@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president""""""@jcrmtxus: @realDonaldTrump @KraftyWurker hopefully he will run for 2016 elections"" Stay tuned!""""@KraftyWurker: @realDonaldTrump Yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since #Trump started making threats &amp, demands of OPEC &amp, others.""""""@Bugsben20: @realDonaldTrump run for prez the country needs you!""""""@KraftyWurker: #Trump is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil &amp, gas prices.""""@PianoBecca: OMG OMG OMG @realDonaldTrump just RTd meee! Yay! I sooo admire him. I cant wait for him to be MY Presedent!!! #Tump2016""""""@sintianiej:DonaldTrump @InTheElections @southheastt Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .""""""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016""""""@twins44: @realDonaldTrump I think you are responsible for lower gas prices, only you had the balls to call out OPEC. Thank you Mr. Trump""""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Some nights I think to myself that its a darn shame Mr. Trump isnt in office""""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016!""""""@OlyaGradova: @realDonaldTrump please tell me you are at least considering running for President.. Please please please.""  I am!""""@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news! #TrumpForPresident""""""@tip66: @realDonaldTrump we all love you in Australia. Visit us when you’re President."" A great place!""""@JoshHasADog: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 @JebBurtonRacing @jerrysan52 Donald ""Real Deal"" Trump. I've been calling him that for years!!!!""""@Going_HAN: @realDonaldTrump I am over career politicians, we need someone who knows business in Washington. I'm rooting for you Mr. Trump""""""@PoloMurillo101: @realDonaldTrump we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!!""  Thanks!""""@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president! @realDonaldTrump""""""@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump""""""@Tigers2iron: @realDonaldTrump @PianoBecca When is your announcement that you aren't going to run scheduled to be made?""  Stay tuned!""""@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @jebburtonracing @jerrysan52 Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is ""THE REAL DEAL!""""  Thank you!""""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @southheastt Awwww, what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. TRUMP 2016!""""""@jabupaqatago: RT @realDonaldTrump: Great news from Ireland”Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel"" So smart!""""@wesley_minga: @realDonaldTrump you're a genius!"" Thank you, you are so correct!""""@TylerTheKicker: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song"" Many agree!""""@southheastt: on this joyous holiday I am thankful to @realDonaldTrump for being the bright light that guides America home""""""@SanFranSuperman: @TMZ @realDonaldTrump:  Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!"Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done."""@nicofazioprod: @realDonaldTrump continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!""""""@o2okito: @realDonaldTrump for president in 2016 !!""""@Slim_Shady2o3: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!"""@tiberias84. Thank you! @macy's"""@iJano27: If billionaire @realDonaldTrump once became #USA president he'll make #America best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! 🇺🇸💪👍""""""@BigJ_ExtFitness: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@lovely_laura21: , @realDonaldTrump for president 🇺🇸✊""”AGREED!""""""@MattyGucci: @realDonaldTrump This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. #Trump2016"" Thanks.""""@RafaelMerrydel1: The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.""""""@bmariebrown99: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!""""""@SpenceMac96: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA""""""@afrangione8: #TrumpForPresident #2016 Make it happen, enough said @realDonaldTrump""""""@Tyler_MostDope: @realDonaldTrump I am definitely voting for this man right here @realDonaldTrump""""""@spbowl: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive, I agree it's about time we have a biz savvy guy.""""@JoshuaAlthina:I have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office &amp, fixing this country🇺🇸 #2016""""""@SouthRoyce: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE, He's the Man, no doubt""""""@lovely_laura21: Seriously, @realDonaldTrump for president 🇺🇸✊""""""@Jsandoval_7: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.""""""@CarrGaz: All the latest on @realDonaldTrump 's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's @CarrGaz""""@SJFloyd06: Only way I'm registering to vote is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president""""""@gmoney8500: I'm tired of having a president without a spine. I'm so ready to call @realDonaldTrump #CommanderInChief""""""@UP1775: @realDonaldTrump @OGRumple yes!! More people gonna vote #waitingfortrump2016""""""@JeromeGottlieb: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016! we need you in office""""""@UP1775: @RitaEvelynYanez @realDonaldTrump yeah true, but hey he would be a good president""""""@OGRumple: @realDonaldTrump has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !""""""@Longviewmayor: @realDonaldTrump you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!?"" Good genes!""""@mattfeierabend: @realDonaldTrump @moore2score it's by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Can't beat Donald Trump""""""@ImDruChainz: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president you'll make our country great again"" I agree, thanks!""""@moore2score: Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Miller's only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared..."" True!""""@24k: @TrumpChicago I have been in your hotel, great views of #Chicago. Congrats from @TravlandLeisure, @realDonaldTrump. #TravelTuesday"Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other placesSadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riotIf the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader, this would not be the case"""@TheRealZach49: This is why we need @realDonaldTrump in office. @BarackObama doesn't know how to keep order""""""@Abdul_Akbarzai1:  ""@TheRealZach49: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed""""""@D_Mellette: @realDonaldTrump for president 2k16"""Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama."""@ddrocks777 .@realDonaldTrump Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started"" Great!"Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak"""@JordanMeuleners: @realDonaldTrump you will always be one of my idols!!"" Thank you.""""@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @shmopniggadick The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .""""""@TheNordicBroad: I might not always agree w/ everything he says,but it's wonderful how @realDonaldTrump engages w/ people on Twitter.""""@Jurisprude1:DonaldTrump Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!""""""@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @MrInsaf The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .""""""@musicislife1239: @realDonaldTrump u should be president""""""@e1e5672d96c747c:Mr. Trump,We need you in Office,We need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize Our Country,Your Fired!""""@SHMann55: @realDonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comment's were dead on this a.m. on F&amp,F""""""@DianeInVegas: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp, Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!"I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!"""@JaskulskiDiane:  @mileswynn3 @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR We would have the best economy in the world with him as President!"" True!""""@shmopniggadick: @realDonaldTrump has got my vote""""""@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Let's hope I get it.""""""@Lillytwotimes: @realDonaldTrump run for president pleaseeee""""""@JaskulskiDiane: @mileswynn3 @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR He sure is more than qualified to be President.""""""@shmopniggadick: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@FanOfGreenMMs:  @Sal_lyann @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Mr. Trump is a wonderful man &amp, more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now.""""""@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump @mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR a billionaire president. Now that's something I'd like to see! #trump2016""""""@mileswynn3: @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR Trump would be # 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately I do not think so"" Just watch!""""@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump you are a  decent man &amp, true to your word. America needs you mr Trump. Plz run for president.""""""@Sal_lyann: DonaldTrump @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Does Donald Trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already""""""@mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President."" Watch""""@TracyLynnClark1:  @YllSadiku Mister Trump please run for president this country needs you badly and I would vote for you in a heart beat.""""""@Devin_Smrekar: @realDonaldTrump how much did you enjoy hosting NASCAR?""  They are great people.""""@YllSadiku: @realDonaldTrump Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie So true! Hope for Trump 2016.""""""@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump are you running for President? You have my vote""""""@KellyKoson: Why do people think that @realDonaldTrump is going to run for president in 2016?""Because the country is a total mess right now""""@GhostOfXerxes: @realDonaldTrump We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016, the White House gets ""Trumped""!""""@iamnextroom: @realDonaldTrump I decided that I'll choose to live in the US when you are the president.""  Good choice!""""@grammasu52: PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the #truth about #obama you can! How many more lies does #America have to listen to?""""""@montanawoman56: @realDonaldTrump I bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer, great results.""""""@RealSQUEZZ: @Realdonaldtrump IS A WINNER, THAT'S WHY HE WILL RUN FOR PRESIDENCY!!!!!!! #Trump2016 FOR SURE!!!!"""Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!"""@CahlRStorrie: I follow @realDonaldTrump because he's a great entrepreneur. Can't get better than him."" Thanks!""""@dudum234: @realDonaldTrump @DrDardano @TrumpLasVegas Donald, you are my model in life since I first saw you (I was14 years then). RESPECT!""""@russiannavyblog:  @dr_rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!""""""@billf227: @realDonaldTrump @dr_rita39 there are a multitude of reasons to follow Mr Trump...Great American""  Thank you!""""@dr_rita39: @realDonaldTrump. I merely follow Mr Trump because he is a fascinating observation of power.""""""@futureicon: @pinksugar61 Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by @realDonaldTrump""""""@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.""""@uf9606084212012: In @realDonaldTrump we trust. Please run, save us - it's time""""""@KidWithDream: @realDonaldTrump I don't usually shop at @Macy's, but The Donald Trump Collection is amazing!"" Thank you!""""@AgoraIndex: “@realDonaldTrump: “Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka”"""Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?"""@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump""""""@JackWitty: @realDonaldTrump @sidelinesev ~Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.""""@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump IS A REAL AMERICAN AND HE KNOWS WHAT WE WANT. #PresidentTrump2016""""""@lp084: @realDonaldTrump Gosh you're an early riser. Is that why you get a lot done?"" It helps!".@aaronschock  Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!"""@ronmeier123: January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!""""""@PInnaurato: I have so much respect for @realDonaldTrump he took down Rosie. #revisitingthefight""""""@sev_enteen: Please run for president @realDonaldTrump. This country needs you!""  Thanks!""""@kornegay_danna: @spicedevilz Mr. Trump, you're a nice looking gentleman, period. I think you look nice, hair and all. Ignore the jealous""""""@Jdougherty3: Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump."" Great!""""@spicedevilz: @realDonaldTrump How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades?"" Wow, one of the few nice comments about my hair!""""@Nehemiah_israel: @realDonaldTrump Are u running for president in 2016 or not?""  We will soon see!""""@ColinMeeks: I would love to see @realDonaldTrump on @ABCSharkTank Any shot of that???"" Thanks, but the Apprentice starts on Jan 4.""""@annaliotta: 28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by #Millennials 18 to 29 yrs old #pga""""@ScottSummerHall @realDonaldTrump just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job!"" Great, thx."Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp, well-deserved. A great guy.“Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion“Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.” – Albert EinsteinEntrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the DealIf we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.I enjoyed meeting with @MattBlunt @TrumpTowerNY to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.“Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - Arnold PalmerRepubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp, because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!"""@jakemurray_32 @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016""  Thank you."If you don’t publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working"""@BlakeHoagland  What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump?"" You have to be passionate about your work!""""@RafaelMerrydel1: @realDonaldTrump can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?""  No!""""@nikkio: DonaldTrump @greta Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with #AndrewTahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.""""""@ettuandyou: @realDonaldTrump I've got to tell you, I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto.""""""@sgrifkin: DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market""""@Daniel10YNWA: @realDonaldTrump you're the man Mr. Trump""""""@joblink31: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so important, that every time he's makes a decision, it's good for the economy .""""There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming ""stuff"" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid."Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.“The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady @PatriotsObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp, development. Defund, Repeal &amp, Replace!“Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change, sometimes for good reason.” – Trump Never Give UpAt least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.Congratulations to @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago for being honored with a @MichelinGuideChi two-star rating again this year!Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp, called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming."""@ApartmentMgr @realDonaldTrump played #Doral #White on Sunday what a gorgeous course you're doing GREAT things there #Golf #Resort"" Thanks."Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!"""@bhughes0422: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you have my support..... 100% I hope you run 2016""""""@ronmeier123: @foxandfriends You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!""""@DavidBougs: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!"""I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!"""@greggory_mc: @realDonaldTrump @miorlano_14 I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .""""""@MTRisner @foxandfriends Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there.""  They would like that big league - but I have no time!""""@miorlano_14: If Donald Trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a heartbeat.""""""@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump so much for Al Gores theory??? #trump2016""""""@NewCongress4NE: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DONALD RUN"""The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high."I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (""Americans are stupid"") &amp, exec order". #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY."""@OneAndOnlyAkash: @realDonaldTrump You Are A Financial Genius""   I agree, thanks!""""@frankboesch: Sad cause my wife &amp, I checked out of @TrumpDoral today after 4 amazing days. Happy cause we're planning our return visit!"""So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue."""@KMacG1: Lovely lunch today @realDonaldTrump @TurnberryBuzz fantastic hotel #Ayrshire #eat scottish"" Thank you!"Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.“Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka"""@GolfSwingShirt @frgelfant @StFinbarBklyn Donald..I met your dad when I was in college..very nice guy, humble and unassuming."" True, thx.""""@ryan5240 after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday"" Great!""""@Barlow260 @TrumpTurnberry is a great place. I just spent the weekend there &amp, the place, golf and staff were excellent  10 out of 10"" Thx!"Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! @TrumpTurnberryI really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp, speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew &amp, the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.“Live Free or Die.” – motto of New HampshireFlying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!"""@DorianHoward: @sunbeltgirl @jstines3 @Po_st Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!""""""@JimDBenson: @realDonaldTrump Great point on the Obamacare site...Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!""""""@NStaicer: @realDonaldTrump visited @trumpwinery over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!"""Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.“If you can accept losing, you can't win.” - Vince LombardiThe ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay.Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert EinsteinCongratulations to @NHGOP &amp, @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp, Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreedA single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!"""@AMCaristi: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpChicago I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel""""""@brandoacovski: @realDonaldTrump for president!!!!""""""@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpNewYork Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!""""""@USNewsTravel: This @TrumpCollection hotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service + beautiful setting.""""@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought &amp, he doesn't ""carry water"" for anyone""""""@ScottJamesWard: @realDonaldTrump haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.""""""@C_ROB_33: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016""""""@RSmithInc: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans @IvankaTrump As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet I'm in. #smartwomen""""""@BoogBannon: All about trump for president @realDonaldTrump""""""@spikesurge83: @realDonaldTrump if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president""""""@FuctChecker: We need less #isis and #ebola and #obama and more @realDonaldTrump"" True!""""@hillarysusans: @IvankaTrump Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.""""""@hillarysusans: Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality. #TrumpForPresident""""""@yurdreamwoman @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house""""@lucasflavin: One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with @realDonaldTrump""""""@lovemactrublue: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Love u on @foxandfriends. You always make me smile.""""""@huicho52: @realDonaldTrump enjoy dear Donald,,,,,,you are the maximum expression of real generosity""".@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!"""@damonsdavis: If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive, they'd both be voting @realDonaldTrump for President!""""""@Rebel1941: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great""""""@DianaShane4Ever: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is self-made, which gives him lots above other candidates, plus obviously a great president""""@mountainstate82: @realDonaldTrump Donald, make 2016 happen. Let's do business with countries of financial interest, no more aid on demand."@HeatherChilders  You are doing a great job Heather!"""@IanAnderson13: If @realDonaldTrump ran for President i would vote for him!""""""@REALmikeedwards: @realDonaldTrump big fan, run for prez PLEASE""""""@dogart2: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.""""@domjoly:  @foxandfriends excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense..""""""@cfogarty1964: #TP tele-prompter president: when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP""""""@michell07677681: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends please run for president!"""I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m."""@Jacquel80505769: @realDonaldTrump I am from Jackson,Kentucky and we need you for President Mr. Trump,,""  I agree, thanks.""""@diegoJovelar: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016""""""@Audrasa74: ""@can_U_see_2020:  ""@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016""""@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! #TrumpForPresident!!!!""""""@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country, it is you sir.""""""@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Please run, The American ppl need you!""""""@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump whether you run or not,you play one hell of a chess game !! #LIFE""""""@JackWitty: @realDonaldTrump @Fraz_Scotcher @TrumpScotland ~If Presidential election were today,I'd vote 4 Donald Trump.""""@MWhitehurst542: @realDonaldTrump you're my hero. Run for president.""""""@LinFlies: @realDonaldTrump Wow, u've attracted a lot sickos to ur Twitter acct. I suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success &amp, wisdom""""""@IlLaughs: @realDonaldTrump Yes, we could use a sharp minded man, who wants to get America back on top of the game.""""""@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump @jayleespring America needs Your Leadership NOW more than ever Mr. Trump."""Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!"""@THEPIZZAPOPO: It feels like I've been waiting for the @ApprenticeNBC FOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season @realDonaldTrump""""@ChuckNorton1: I am reading ""The Art of the Deal"" by @realDonaldTrump . I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads."""Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?"""@EWErickson @TrumpNewYork I’ve made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park.  She doesn’t want to go home now.""""""@randalldeputy  @realDonaldTrump nice feature on @MikeAndMike.  You're awesome.""  Thanks.""""@GropperBlotter  @FrankCaliendo impression of @realDonaldTrump is my favorite of his. Beyond funny on @MikeAndMike this morning."""We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our President’s stupidity!Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22"""@DerekAMartinez: #FF @realDonaldTrump Because he's a genius and always right. Enough said.""""""@ItsMarcela2you: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you! You could run this country to success!""""""@lutherice: @realDonaldTrump you're ties are fantastic""""""@NeuroticKnight: @realDonaldTrump When are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? We need you!!!""""""@libertyladyusa: I agree with Donald Trump, Mitt should not run again. #Hannity""""""@tjcnue: @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo Thank you both for appearing on @MikeAndMike making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable.""""""@SamerTime: @realDonaldTrump ill help bring home Ohio Mr Future President"" Love it!""""@luthrice: @realDonaldTrump you're the only person who has any clue about our government! #donaldforprez""""""@angstas: @realDonaldTrump @danywasking You're really on fire? Amazing. There is a god...""""""@leonpui_: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@Moore2Donnie: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump   Run Donald, RUN! Our Nation needs you!!!!""""""@danywasking: @realDonaldTrump your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. ,)"" I agree!""""@Chancesare420: @realDonaldTrump Good morning Big Guy... Here's hoping we both make a bundle of money today. : )""""""@spazosaurus: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump that segment was awesome. On all sides. Great start for my day, thanks.""""""@BenPack3521: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!""""""@ChiliDawgFan: @Espngreeny  @FrankCaliendo Outstanding. Maybe Frank could do @criscarter80 someday. And Mr. Trump is a good sport.""""""@p38lightning: Awesome bit on @MikeAndMike with @realDonaldTrump and @FrankCaliendo ! Funny stuff!""""""@LenWDougleman:  Dear Donald, I love you success aftershave. I love to walk out of the house with the confidence that I smell of Trump.""""""@Moore2Donnie: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump 😂😂😂""""""@taylorcathy834: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo love Frank he's so gooooood! what a great start on friday. Thanks!""""""@RealEnGenX: @realDonaldTrump @MikeAndMike @FrankCaliendo Great segment! Ty for the laughs""""""@kinserka: @realDonaldTrump @MikeAndMike just awesome!""""""@Rzangrilli: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump @FrankCaliendo I missed it!! 😬 when's the replay!! #epicmoments""  9.00 a.m. ESPN.".@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike &amp, Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V."""@Stevenklaiber: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump plus Golic apologies to Bill. Great show line up.""""""@robertpizorno: I really want to hear @realDonaldTrump say You're fired to Reid and Pelosi.""""""@HN_JAD: @realDonaldTrump - you would rock the house as Prez! #GOFORIT""""""@cosclubofphila: @realDonaldTrump @DashJohnston We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race.""""""@Jonhw46: @realDonaldTrump @greta your interview was great""""""@HMunjal: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@tabletoptaylaaa: Seriously think @realDonaldTrump would be an awesome president.""""""""""@HMunjal: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@heelshoops23: @realDonaldTrump you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?""""""""""@ReglarWiglar:  @heelshoops23 Trump would make a very, very good POTUS. He is really, really smart and makes great business decisions.""""""@Bobbyblanton1: @realDonaldTrump you're right! This country is falling apart!! We need a strong leader!! One that will take no B.S.""""""@Bobbyblanton1: @realDonaldTrump I believe that's you!! You'll have my family's vote should you run!!""""""@Grundy2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNationalCN played there recently and loved it. Great, fair track. Fantastic condition.""""""@egre_naamahah: @armand_i_am Dreams don't come true visions do, @realDonaldTrump @richardbranson are not dreamers they are visionaries,""""""@utbeth73: @Holly Carson..Great SG or HHS, but not presidential material. To whip this country into SHAPE, I'd vote for  @realDonaldTrump""""""@tabletoptaylaaa: Seriously think @realDonaldTrump would be an awesome president.""""""@GSThomas3: DonaldTrump: last year my premiums went up 46%, this year another 220%. Clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry""""@62jerseygirl: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNationalCN Love to see Pine Hill, NJ, one of the finest""""""@heelshoops23: @realDonaldTrump you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?""""""@DashJohnston: You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again. 💗💗💗""""""@Irishwill1344: Babe Ruth would have hated you, you know this right?!? “You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth""""""@DeedeeGlaser: @realDonaldTrump @greta Donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz""".@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed“You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe RuthWhy did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, it’s time to move!The new Congress must restore military spending &amp, stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.@LukeBryanOnline You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!"""@cherylglitters: @realDonaldTrump you would definately have my vote!""""""@AngieDrue: @jimmcvey1 I hope all the R's will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs, no common core, lower taxes for bns""""""@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump Its time The world is ready for your leadership""""""@BobbyEllis10: @realDonaldTrump for President. Please, at least make a run for it.""""""@Chad_G: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4President!""""""@FoloAlona: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is ruthless. His presidency will make people sweat, but there will be real progress.""""""@TheRealZach49: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed""""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump endorsed @leezeldin early on and he pulled off a real upset - Sounds like #Trump2016 just gained a few points""""@foxesden8: 4 days till @TrumpTurnberry @realDonaldTrump YeeeHa!!!! Can't Wait!!""""""@ToprakTlay: @realDonaldTrump Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President.""""@alsinclair11: @realDonaldTrump should honestly be our president...""""""@beautifulblusky: Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President of the USA!"Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. @Hogan4Governor won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.I recorded robo calls for @Perduesenate, @leezeldin &amp, @SteveKingIA. All had record wins. #MidasTouchYesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp, all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.Obama has now had two record &amp, historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp, Change for America.Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp, Democrat.Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won..@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not."""@Mitchwa: @realDonaldTrump What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law""""""@mangooppl: @realDonaldTrump Which means President Trump !""""""@zedd_tahlz: Can't wait for the new season of #CelebrityApprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection @realDonaldTrump"""A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!"""@RowleyRhonda: @realDonaldTrump Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail☺ #Trump2016""""""@MikeyJFitz: Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of CA""""""@Debralynnxx:  @STN_Entertain @GeraldoRivera @kevinjonas Well, that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !""""""@Scorpiannes: @realDonaldTrump Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.""""""@rexhispaniae: It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love @ApprenticeNBC. I can't wait!""""""@wolf_grayson: Can't wait to see @GeraldoRivera on celebrity apprentice hosted by @realDonaldTrump""""""@jennyuhas: Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks @realDonaldTrump!! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@shellyshells626: I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Smart man!💯""""""@ktlaudy: @realDonaldTrump so when are you going to start campaigning?""  Stay tuned!""""@troyer_jeb: Just ordered The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump. Can't wait to read it👍👍""  Great.".@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!"""@shellyshells626: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak I'd vote for Donald ! OH yeah""""""@can_U_see_2020: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016""""""".@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!"""@SeattleSeahack: If I write you in under every race, does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote ""Trump Decides"" on all the initiatives.""""""@kymwharton: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for The Apprentice to be back #favshow""""""@DaniellefromNH: @realDonaldTrump @00RSTW00 with #joanrivers hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks @realDonaldTrump""""""@mariadomenique9: @realDonaldTrump umm when does #CelebrityApprentice start?! My girl Vivica A Fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!""""""@PuNiShMeNt75: @realDonaldTrump Grab your popcorn, because T.O. is on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2 months.""""""@BrielleZolciak: @realDonaldTrump what do I have to do to get u to run for president #byeobama"" Just hang in there!""""@00RSTW00: Most brilliant casting in the history of TV: Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice. @realDonaldTrump""""""@MrScottMurray: Hey @realDonaldTrump, I'm very excited to hear we're getting #TheCelebrityApprentice back on TV in just 2 months!"""Good luck to @joniernst. You will make a wonderful Senator.Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.This season’s cast of  @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp, great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th!Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped &amp, all the other lies.@ThomTillis, you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!Congratulations to @SenScottBrown on running an aggressive &amp, fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!"""@JUrciuoli19: @getjohnkelly @realDonaldTrump Apprentice is awesome""""""@austin_noah530: Just bought @realDonaldTrump The Art of The Deal. Can't wait to read this 👌"" Great!""""@leksi0731: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president he would have my vote!"""Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump’s wedding this weekend."""@BaglanHIlls  Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP"" Start with The Art of the Deal."A Veteran &amp, true Conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House..@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp, Turnberry plans."""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week! #Trump2016""""""@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!""""""@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends Won't miss it! Don't hold back, say it like it is! Have a Great Day MR. Trump!"""I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7)."""@joelivan2: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GolfChannel Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida""".@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel"""@CRinQC: Hates military. Tues, remember how pres hasn't lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. Only wants illegals to cross border.""""""@PGWELLMAN: You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, I am still preparing my business plan. You're a good man, and thank you.""""""@hotter_hodder: I added two new @realDonaldTrump ties to my collection""  At Macy's, thanks.""""@seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico""""""@AdverTina: @realDonaldTrump RU at @TrumpChicago watching #NikWalenda #SkyscraperLive ?""""""@welshIV: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!""Thanks""""@Nardokids:I believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks".@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!"""Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama."" - @Perduesenate. GOTV for David this Tuesday!"Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASenStrong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASenWow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!"""@FRESHMIGZZ: @realDonaldTrump for president #Trump2016 #ibelieve""""""@PropertyJustice: @Jackshallis Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election &amp, simply carried on only speaking &amp, no doing.""""@joeynemati: @realDonaldTrump President Trump has a nice ring to it.""""""@akhan_15:  I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! #Trump2016""""""@CahlRStorrie: After watching @hannityshow w/ @realDonaldTrump on it, made me realise how good a president Trump will make #Trump2016""""""@Jackshallis: Donald trump for president @realDonaldTrump""""""@RealSQUEZZ: @realDONALDTRUMP IF YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENCY, MY VOTE IS GUARANTEED TO YOU!!!! #Trump2016!!!""""""@patrickmaser: @realDonaldTrump thank you for Being a Great example of America Success story !!!"" Thank you, so nice.""""@r_ieysg: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump, I know a lot of people don't like listening to him but he speaks the truth."" So true!""""@TreyCarpenter3: Just saw the @realDonaldTrump on Justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess BarackObama has made #Trump2016""""@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity @spidersteve1977 MR. Trump is a Class Act!"" THANK YOU.""""@Chick. I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is. DonaldTrump""""@Kev_360: @Fairbuilt @TrumpScotland  Great photo. I finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. Risk and reward.""""""@MarkTromBoyd: Brekkie and round of golf at the amazing @TrumpScotland course. Great facilities @realDonaldTrump!""""@puntjepunt1: @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLinks you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!""""""@loubie126: @realDonaldTrump @RowleyRhonda I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!""""""@iadoreem: @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews You were great Donald!""""""@MarybethCostell: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE save our country, we NEED YOU AS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT.""""@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, possibly by the hours, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE run for president! #Trump2016""".@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!"""@TpartyAnita: @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews I adore them both!!!!!!!!!!""""""@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump @avellacompany1 Trump, we are all serious, you better be President friend.""".@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!"""@avellacompany1: @realDonaldTrump the best"" Thanks.""""@sandihill29: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I watch your SHOW every sat nite!! Love YOU n show. Love @realDonaldTrump TOO""""""@joepilot56: @realDonaldTrump @spidersteve1977 @ronmeier123 @FoxNews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity Only better!"" Thanks.""""@KaelaDianne97: @realDonaldTrump please run for office. We can't have Hillary running this country even MORE downhill! We need a leader!""""""@bid2buy: When it takes this long to get a Marine back from a country where Americans vacation something is wrong. @realDonaldTrump #Marine""""@spidersteve1977: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 @FoxNews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity bet trump would be like reagan all over again!"" Nice!""""@kawaiibitchx: ""@PolitiGal2012: American RT @kawaiibitchx: I want America to be the nation it once was #TrumpForPresident"" AMERICA""""""@zfry007: @realDonaldTrump run for office!""""""@ScottSolinger: Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didn't happen sooner.""""""@bjones112892: @realDonaldTrump is who my vote will go to#trumpforpresident""""""@Tmezzy20: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump for PRESIDENT""""""@_Doelicious: Save America! Vote for @realDonaldTrump #2016 !""""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Amen, Mr Trump! Run for President. We need a strong leader!"" Stay tuned!"They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen againThe five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! CourtmarshalHaving a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!"""@TLCr2: @jennyapples @realDonaldTrump @cnnbrk @CNN no thanks to obama""""""@Gregory_Gains: @realDonaldTrump The world needs a strong US President, I think Mr. Trump would do great. Thank you.""""@skpip: Donald, you have given me some hope for this country. Maybe someone will help those of us on Disability find a job we want to work""""""@Real_Mr_Sciales: @realDonaldTrump pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one?"" Thanks""""@Republican81: How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks .""""""@stmarie: @realDonaldTrump Sick!!! This country is going to shit! We need real people to run this country. So get moving!""""""@Stay_on_Green: Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think that @realDonaldTrump did."Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!"""@NadiaAlGhamri: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump , I think you are a great businessman. We would all love to read some business tips from you.""""@DubC_Smitty:I don't know that much about Vladimir Putin,but I do know he's a black belt and he's real. DonaldTrump is a figure of strength"Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince LombardiNext Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border."""@carguy_95 Have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful?"" Think Like a Champion is a good start"“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein"""@ronmeier123 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity You can't make a leader, Mr. Trump was born a LEADER!"" Thank you.""""@EWErickson Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower.  Architecture done right.""  Thx"Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp, supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote @DanSullivan2014!Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!“No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn"""@traciotake: @realDonaldTrump @kerrygold1914 @FoxNews @seanhannity If Trump runs in 2016, I'd vote for him!""""""@JeffreyGuterman: Years ago T said if US removed Saddam Hussein from Iraq, somebody worse would replace him. He was right about that: #ISIS""""@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @seanhannity Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.""""@kerrygold1914: @FoxNews @seanhannity great interview, yeah Trump said Iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlled..he was right""""""@ronmeier123: You were RIGHT as usual Mr. Trump! You called for Madison Bumgarner after game 6 and Giants are now World Champs!""""""@MichelleOH: Reading @realDonaldTrump tweets is my guilty pleasure."""I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald ReaganEntrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite."Obama admin. called @netanyahu ""chickenshit."" Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.""""@Lps320P @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Love this place. I'm a Trump resort traveler for life!"" Great and thanks."In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website."""@steeldestroyer: @realDonaldTrump I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.""""""@thatkidArob: @realDonaldTrump no he shouldn't. But Donald Trump should. #trump4potus""""""@Tradingforex24: In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump""""""@B_Thornton66: If you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! You're what this country needs! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016""""""@JaronAnthony: Great interview tonight @realDonaldTrump . #Trump2016""""""@TheRealPWeight: You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.""""""@michelledivv: Donald Trump for president 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump""""""@TroopsDirect: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran."" Wow, thank you!""""@KauaiNj: @realDonaldTrump Most of us know you would run the US with heart. @seanhannity""  So true!""""@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @seanhannity, I agree we need a leader with heart and guts! #Trump2016""""""@cindylestrada: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.""""""@BohanMewbohan: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I would vote for #Trump for #President any year.""""""@talkradio200: @asthegirlturns #Hannity should be having @realDonaldTrump on (more)!""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president?"" He wouldn't!""""@r_ieysg: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump, great guest to have on your show.""""""@MaiNu586: #hannity @realDonaldTrump You, good sir, are a great American and created a lot of jobs, not like a looney lib! God bless.""""""@GrassrootTroopr: @realDonaldTrump Best episode of #Hannity I've seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview, sir. Run Mr. Trump, RUNNNN!""""""@KauaiNj: @seanhannity Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo &amp, debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense.""""""@Jeanee31: @seanhannity Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome""""""@BallStateCT: I tweet about sports,but if @realDonaldTrump would run for POTUS, he would beat Hillary and get us back on track. #yourefired""""@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Nice segment sir....""""""@MOUDALENA: @realDonaldTrump @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@MOUDALENA: @realDonaldTrump @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER @realDonaldTrump"""President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNewsSuccess requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp, now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative @BarbaraComstock to Congress!“I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - @JoeTorreAll the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp, unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp, job losses."""@LeRoyal_Pegasus: “Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser.” ― @realDonaldTrump""""""@fapyvaquzoci: Enough politicians! We need a business man to get this country back on track! @realDonaldTrump for Prez 2016!"""Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_IrelandI wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?"""@TreeSappp: @realDonaldTrump Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.""""""@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President, the USA needs your leadership.""""""@SouthernLady551: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for reminding everyone we need to #BringBackOurMarine. #MilitaryMonday""""""@its_a_mum_thing: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends totally agree.""""""@xoxo_La_La_xoxo: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4President ##Trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good""""""@moose_taz: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad""""""@GrandmaNYCA: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi on @foxandfriends this morning. @FreeTheMarine""""""@bunnypiper: @realDonaldTrump right on!!""""""@Kathzeh: @realDonaldTrump Great job on @foxandfriends this morning!!!""""""@suelordbiz: Great job on Fox &amp, Friends this a.m., have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!""""""@Theramenes: @foxandfriends  Good job @realDonaldTrump for not being afraid to speak truth, that is what people need to hear is truth.""""""@SFC17972: @realDonaldTrump on point as always!""""""@moose_taz: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump 1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.""""@katlynne1994: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Power to this man!! He cares about this country""""""@JAdamsEden: @realDonaldTrump Articulate &amp, concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear &amp, present economic enemy,-MEXICO!"""Fox &amp, Friends, going on now - enjoy!Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine."""@REALNickVenti: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump way before I'd vote for Hillary."" Great!""""@TheBingle: @realDonaldTrump @RiannaRichards Donald Trump said that before ""the virus' made it to U.S."" That's what I do!""""@MelanyAlVilla: @realDonaldTrump you are my role model👌 such an amazing man."" Thank you.""""@RiannaRichards: This is why I agree with Donald Trump: They should ban flights from #Ebola infected countries from entering the U.S.""""""@tylerrice199: @mike_riccardi @realDonaldTrump easily, he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over Hilary""  THANKS!""""@ZackKeighron: @realDonaldTrump should run for president""""""@pellscuse11: @realDonaldTrump Did Hillary really say Businesses don't create jobs?! #Trump2016"""There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp, boring!I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etcYes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvementI made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!"""@mickeybeaupre: @realDonaldTrump I wish you would run For President Mr Trump we need you God Bless you.""""""@Gam: BarackObama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal??  Trump for #President I'm rdy 4 change.""""""@catpenis: @realDonaldTrump I respect your integrity sir. Rock on.""""""@HommerGSimpson: @realDonaldTrump Please Please think about running in 2016"""“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe RuthThere is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border &amp, ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote @Perduesenate!Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!"""@NICKJOHNS0N: @realDonaldTrump is my idol""""""@misskweenbree: @realDonaldTrump Run for President!""""@BBCoachKK: @realDonaldTrump Oh Donald! I love you!""""""@ItBegins2012: @realDonaldTrump Trump, you are great - you speak your mind and should continue to do so"""President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's faultIf this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp, resign!There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!"""@AndyJackson3212: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP ,Very cool, I love NYC""""""@iadoreem: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP She would make a beautiful First Lady""  So true!""""@sleuthjen: @realDonaldTrump if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be?"" To resign from office!""""@MasterBaxter8: We desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. Dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable.""""""@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump: I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka.""""""@PrincessDaytura: @realDonaldTrump @Jennifer75AR lets do this!!! Trump for president @IvankaTrump @DonaldTrump1946""""""@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump MY FIRST EVER OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE NEEDS TO BE A VOTE FOR U!!! Runnnnnn""""""@REALtesswilson: @realDonaldTrump is the smartest businessman in America""  Thank you.""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Run for president, DT! Save us! I know you can!"""Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!"""@not_that_a @realDonaldTrump Wearing a Trump tie doesn't make you as smart a businessman as Trump, but it does make you look smart"" @Macy's"Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp, supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp, opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidatesIf Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp, he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp, the whole family. #BenBradleeI'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!"""@rrogers19: Please save this country. @realDonaldTrump""""""@BeyerTristen: @realDonaldTrump A man of business and success, please run for president and fix this country 👍""""""@alyssatomazin44: @realDonaldTrump seriously needs to run for president🙌🙏""""""@Electric988: A smart, POWERFUL, and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump! #Trump2016"""The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!"The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the ""gang that couldn't shoot straight."" Everything he touches turns to garbage!"The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp, drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarineI will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! @Wharton"""@northcutt2013: @realDonaldTrump @mrkenbutler no, he can't and will not run. Great man yes, not worth the mud slinging"" Don't be so sure!""""@bvlphonso: #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@mrkenbutler:  Donald, You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!"""Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings."""@Burge: DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. Make this country right again""""@nikkio: DonaldTrump:  Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access""""@HabsHappy: Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say 'Reach For The 50 Stars' We Need CHANGE""""""@slisk2: @realDonaldTrump What we need is real CHANGE. What we need is Donald Trump #DonaldTrumpForPresident""""""@InsideCableNews @FTVLive Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump""""@evelynairey: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I wish Donald Trump would run for President""""""@Amber_Sadler22: Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history"" No, bad chemistry - I like winning!""""@ashleymarie938: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@AwakKeNTV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! please save us man"""" omg yes bro!""""""@midlandmainline @DMRegister Who else is as qualified as the Donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one - Donald Trump""""""@mrinho1: @Orbitz @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend""  Thanks, a great hotel.""""@PeteDicenSO: @realDonaldTrump we need you in the White House!!!!! #Trump2016""  I agree, thanks!""""@MarlenaWells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports It needs @realDonaldTrump magic touch.""  So true, what a mess!"Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp, Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead."""@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry"""I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse"""@gregazar: @realDonaldTrump ""Donald Trump Calls Out Obama"" Thank you for calling out this idiot!""""""@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump #PresidentTrump2016 FOR SURE!""""""@StephanieWei: @realDonaldTrump playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!"President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!"""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Great interview, DT! Can't wait for next week! Run for President! #Trump2016""""""@YankeeRunner: I love Mon Mornings when T is on @foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it is&amp,dispel another wk of Obama Lies""""@AwakKeNTV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! please save us man"""I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!"Do you believe Obama just said that America would be ""less safe"" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!""The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the ""Ebola Czar,"" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke""""@johnnydollar01: And people zinged Donald Trump for talking about Ebola. How is this Klain guy any more qualified?""Actually, less qualified""""@EeekToys: @realDonaldTrump @katyperry   Donald is onto something here. Russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind""""""@BeliyWulf: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 Save America, Trump""""""@sunglasspros: @realDonaldTrump @SteveKingIA Good job Donald! We need you to get more involved!!! Way to go!!""""""@ronmeier123: @realDonaldTrump I bet you never heard this before: Your Hired""""""@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump @shanevanderhart I vote for Trump to make us all rich."" Good call.""""@scottmedlin79: @realDonaldTrump run for president. We need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls."""I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!"14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = ""COME ON IN"""Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!If you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp, determination. Be positive!Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp, is anti-Second Amendment.The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp, NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp, duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive..@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  I got much better—no contest—I got Melania!.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp, aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp, strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!I love seeing that Graydon Carter and @VanityFair are failing so badly. He’s only focused on his bad food restaurants."""@MedievalSwan: @realDonaldTrump I love you just for that tweet! @katyperry""""""@donchymes: @realDonaldTrump is indeed a great man,always says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored.""""@becka_gill: @realDonaldTrump Please do our country a favor and run for President.""""@timmmo510: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump said this from the beginning. Need real leadership #trump2016""""""@mattyms: @realDonaldTrump it's my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President.""  Happy birthday!""""@jimmyray1972: @realDonaldTrump Visited Doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. Really an exceptional course and resort.""  Thanks!""""@jameranne: @realDonaldTrump If only Donald Trump could tell uObama ""he's fired"" the world would be a happier place""""""@sheronsvg: @realDonaldTrump @calconroy Time to bring back ""The Apprentice"" Mr. Trump!"" The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!""""@h5o_dano: @realDonaldTrump We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did.""""""@calconroy: @realDonaldTrump You, sir, are an absolute legend!""  Wow!"Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!"""@US_progress: .@realDonaldTrump for president!""""""@Bugsyfire:  Mr.T  You were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S.""""""@_marygirl17: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump please run for POTUS in 2016!""""""@KingBronko: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, please run for president in 2016! Please!""""""@CareyTim6: Hope @realDonaldTrump runs for President in 2016..... #Trump2016"""Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?.@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!.@katyperry  Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore"""@vin7768: @realDonaldTrump is an inspirational man!!"" So nice, thanks!""""@reidtoth: @realDonaldTrump for president"" Thank you.""""@triplemmom: @realDonaldTrump @iamerunbe African nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist?""""""@PeriodPride: ""The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up!"" ~ @realDonaldTrump"I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!"""@nikkio:  Almost only counts in horse-shoes. He had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer $'s anyway?""Fool AG""""@DubD42: @realDonaldTrump for president! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸""""""@Nicolebnagy: Donald Trump should really consider running for President. He certainly has his head on right! @realDonaldTrump""""@mark_brown_pe: A great man once said ""Don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!""""""@robertpatrickmc: @realDonaldTrump @TheRedDotGuy Trumps 10000% better then @MittRomney even if he's not from Utah""""""@TheRedDotGuy: @realDonaldTrump Republican debates would be interesting with you.""""""@CDLavie: @realDonaldTrump We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought.""  Thanks!"I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remainsI can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV"With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,""I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS""""""@Fox5Kyle @realDonaldTrump @Macys Your ties are the best hands down!""  Thank you!"“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers"""@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump"""Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp, jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp, embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!"""@CRRoussos: @realDonaldTrump You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.""""""@felixs: Donald Trump's golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion"""It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp, opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  @Perduesenate to change things!We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw"""@BobDayTGAS:  @NassarInvesting @BarackObama I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!""""""@Are_Jay_Sea: We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone w/o political agenda &amp, who just wants to make our country great again""""@NassarInvesting: @realDonaldTrump For President! The only fighting chance this country has left. @BarackObama hasn't done shit.""""""@TommyA_22: @realDonaldTrump has no filter. He says what needs to be said because no one else will say it.""""""@katielevan9: i love @realDonaldTrump finally someone who gets it🙌""""""@TheRealZach49: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016. We can't have another Obama""""""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump China wouldn't be laughing at President Trump."" So true!""""@BestBergerEver: Mr @realDonaldTrump has a vlog where he says things U don't wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth #trump4Prez!"So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter"""If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new."" -- Jeff Bezos"If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father, like son.Just finished reading a poorly written &amp, very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBizThink of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.The @nfl games are so boring now that actually, I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!"""@CoxDanimal: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT #2016""""""@BestBergerEver: I agree with everything @realDonaldTrump said on @foxandfriends this morning. Put this man in the White House!""""@YOD_Bagholders: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!""""""@DRJAMESCABOT: Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow""""""@wizkay46: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends salute you sir""  Thank you.""""@Michele_1L_: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.""""""@rojeezee: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE #DONALDFORPREZ""".@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!I will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics."""@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump @iHunt88 never gonna happen-I'd like it too, but he won't run"" Keep watching!""""@TaylorJeffrey1: @realDonaldTrump @iHunt88 Yes, please do, we need somebody with a head on their shoulders &amp, knows how to use it""""""@M_Forese: @realDonaldTrump we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you!"" I agree!""""@trucksellr2007: 150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! #StopTheFlights""""@iHunt88: I think it's about time @realDonaldTrump stands up and announces he's running for President."""I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!"""@billyhaze: Great interview Tuesday past with Jim Gardner, must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist"""Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!"""I've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!""  So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!).""""@ray_chipendo: We are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. Donald Trump""""""@oforsyth: @realDonaldTrump I'm from the UK and even I'm voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! I'm moving to America!""""""@schaeferpg: @realDonaldTrump @GeeBilz Am a Donald Trump follower, we need anybody other than the idiot we have and Trump would be the best""""@tegodreaux: Whew finally off of work...I'll say it again..TRUMP 2016.BECAUSE NOBODY LOVES AMERICA MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP. #1""""""@GeeBilz: If @realDonaldTrump runs for office he has my vote""""""@harryfinnimore: @realDonaldTrump @ericleebow same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on""""""@JeremyBurns: I'm voting for Trump in 2016. We need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around #Trump2016""""""@BlakeHoagland: As one of my life-long role models &amp, someone I've looked up to in every aspect of life, you have my vote Mr. Trump!""""""@hattie_42: @realDonaldTrump. A real businessman would lower taxes &amp, remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. Go Donald!!""""""@Ricolodean: @ChiBDM @realDonaldTrump he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top.""""""@MichaelSad6: @tonymission @Saran_arsh @realDonaldTrump I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge""""""@MitchRyanRocks: Please run for office. This country NEEDS ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. Also, I'd love to be a part of ur team!""""""@BGambalie: @realDonaldTrump if you run for pres, you will automatically win, no doubt. #trump2016"" Thanks, but nothing is easy.""""@ACHockeyHistory: @realDonaldTrump Walked past your building in Vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to Vancouver.""""""@Sayyid_Khamenei: @realDonaldTrump @ericleebow Donald Trump is highly suited to be president of U.S."" Nice.""""@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Will vote for you if you run.""""""@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Will vote for you if you run."" Thanks.""""@KangDedy_RI_1: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you are my best inspiration to be successful""""""@leonapel: Some of my favorite entrepreneurs: @JCVenter @PeterDiamandis @elonmusk @peterthiel and @richardbranson @realDonaldTrump""""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @cgrubb85 Amen! Run, Mr Trump! I will vote for you!""""""@Ricolodean: Mr.Trump, If you don't run I will honestly consider moving out of the country. Without your leadership we are in big trouble.""""""@MichaelSad6: @realDonaldTrump its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House! #Trump2016"" That is true!""""@dejr7: @realDonaldTrump don't keep us in suspense, r u running for Pres?"" You will know very soon, thanks!""""@krismichaelboy: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, issues in the United States could be resolved. He has my vote! #Trump2016"""Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!"""@cgrubb85:  If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run we are screwed #Trump2016""""""@cgrubb85: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Only one with common sense!"" So true, thanks.""""@RaineDevries: @realDonaldTrump @rramz1979 This #Dallas girl would vote for you!"" Thank you.""""@rramz1979: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you run for US president?"" Watch."Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished."""Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world."" @mcuban".@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!Lightweight @AGSchneiderman, the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG"""Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take"" - @Avik"Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a jokeIf you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB"""@DScroggins3: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president in 2016.""""""@brasscojones10: @realDonaldTrump I'm at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around.""  Great.""China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. ""Let the stupid Americans do it!"" SAD"The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt DisneyThe U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!"""@cbauer747: @houseofwolf187 Motivate: why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because he's outspoken,clever and has business savvy?"""Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!"""@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump""""""@acMarcusWenzel: @realDonaldTrump @Godchick83 Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree.""""""@EconomicGeek13:  @SMWalkerBait Yes Please Run for President - I said that ages ago while he was at a conference in Sydney Australia""""""@houseofwolf187: @realDonaldTrump if Donald Trump runs for POTUS 2016 he'd have my vote!""""""@Ceg72Kevin: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president,that would be a real wake up call to the world, would be a great president"" Thanks""""@RupertSuren: @realDonaldTrump @crazycatkid US airport staff should strike if flights to &amp, from affected countries do not stop""""""@f9d5l: “Part Of Being A WINNER Is Knowing When Enough Is Enough” By @realDonaldTrump""""""@SMWalkerBait: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President...""""""@Godchick83: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!"""Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?"Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, ""anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa"" DOPE""""@otcgiant: @realDonaldTrump Our Country's ""leaders"" should have listened to you. Thanks to them, Ebola is now a household name in America.""""""@alextice23: @realDonaldTrump @SafirePublicity I know he would make a great president. He makes decisive decisions daily, very sucessful""""""@SafirePublicity: @realDonaldTrump Will you PLEASE run for President ??????? You've got our vote!"" Thanks.""""@nicolabarbolini: Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!"""Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp, skyscrapers.Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.“Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry BanksISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work."""@scottgumbleton: Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland,  voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences"Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!"""@moviesharkd: Terrific and insightful interview with @realDonaldTrump by @Jim_Gardner!! Great piece, Jim! Great info and candor, Donald!"""I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor, Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor?  It is a disgrace!Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago, the Windy City’s top hotel!USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarineLooking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoralCongratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work, low pay, mean boss!”"""@pga4terry: @realDonaldTrump please become POTUS and make our nation great again!""""@MattyHdot: @realDonaldTrump When you're right, you're right. If you were President, I would feel a whole lot better. #Trump2016""""""@lizuli_fitness:I really hope you run for president. Your RTs abt u being next pres have my hopes up! Please do our country a favor &amp, run🙌"Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow itI can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s"""@Dundee_Tam: @realDonaldTrump @dollymund yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence.""""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump We need a real leader. We need Trump."" Thanks.""""@Scott__Marx: @realDonaldTrump I agree 100%! Please run for president and save this country! #Trump2016""""""@Vinnie_Vegas_76:Donald why don't you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses, the USA would be a better place."""Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public"""@DaMeechRiebl: Just saw your interview with @gretawire. Mr. Trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!""""@JanineTurner: @realDonaldTrump your appearance on #gretawire tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!@gretawire""""""@RzcarlsonRuth: @realDonaldTrump just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you.""  Thank you!"Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?I will be on Fox &amp, Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to workThe Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!"""@RobertUndefined: This is where @realDonaldTrump needs to be the President.""""""@x_victoria97: @realDonaldTrump should be president..""""""@WDobrovich: @realDonaldTrump we really need a person like you to lead our country #trump2016"""President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?"""@fredsmith433: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president"""Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!"""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump My advice: run for president!"""If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!"""@calfofgod: @realDonaldTrump you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!""""""@DamienDuplantis: @realDonaldTrump For President 🇺🇸""""""@Ricolodean: @realDonaldTrump I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016.""""""@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump  Great minds never stop. Such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers. #trump2016""""""@ValEveretts: Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you.""""""@DrugFreeBlayde: @realDonaldTrump is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office."" So true, thanks!""""@calfofgod: @realDonaldTrump #donaldforpresident""""""@hancockfinance. MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoearthbillionaire Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes"Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!@not_that_actor   Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights"""@NaijaFlyingDr: @realDonaldTrump is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time"" Thank you.""""@Murray87James: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to my wedding at Turnberry 2mo! Ur staff has been amazing!"" It will be fantastic!""""@lynn4596: I seriously admire @realDonaldTrump, watching his show 'celebrity apprentice' was my inspiration to do well as a kid"" Great.""""@SuccessCoaching: RT @realDonaldTrump ""Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money."" - Johnny Cash""""""@spidermonkex: I love @realDonaldTrump"""We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?!Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp, al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?"""@RWDF1 @realDonaldTrump They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill"" Not without a fight!""How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled ""Blackish""? Can you imagine the furor of a show, ""Whiteish""! Racism at highest level?"Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?"""@jrhennessy: There's only one man I'd trust to fight ISIS. That's right: @realDonaldTrump""  Good choice, thanks.""""@andrewl1234: .@realDonaldTrump I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day"" Great""""@lexiTB1993: We seriously need @realDonaldTrump for president. # TrumpForPresident""""""@morgan_sux: Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! It's called @realDonaldTrump very cool""""""@KhachfeHadi: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpForPresident""""""@CalebCCooper Reading DonaldTrump's ""The Art of the Deal"" for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn""""@DrizzyDan_: The U.S. needs @realDonaldTrump at this moment"" Thank you.""""@popated: @tnsmilin @realDonaldTrump And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.""""""@adrianatarsia: @realDonaldTrump thank you for being the voice of reason!""""""@THEINTENSITY: The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola @realDonaldTrump""""""@wethePOL: @realDonaldTrump @Nan_Imburgia Trump for President! ! Please!!!""""""@brandotut: @realDonaldTrump calls a spade a spade, would be a breathe of fresh air in Washington.""""""@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump no common sense in Washington""""""@Jamaface: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU! EXACTLY!""""""@CarnivoreKing: @realDonaldTrump We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans, and we can't do that!""""""@AB8TN: @realDonaldTrump our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus""""""@Anthony01286381: @realDonaldTrump Wtg @realDonaldTrump for president i vote for u""""""@Nan_Imburgia: @realDonaldTrump Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!""""""@kimgt15: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!"""The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights"""@ChaseHassey: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you."" Thank you!"Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House"""Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit."" - Conrad Hilton"Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it."""@__________IAN: I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt,fountain of youth."It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?"""@CortneyKahrs:Why should Mr.Trump know who two random people are. He's a celebrity. He gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.""""@Irishfoodtrail @R47R  We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons"" Thanks."Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare &amp, opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”"""@Joeyssmyth @realDonaldTrump played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job""""""@000HermanSJr000 @Hotelied  @TrumpChicago Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best"" Thanks""""@21stCenturyAsh @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too"" Very important."Johnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp, the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC..@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it..@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon..@McIlroyRory  What a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RT—out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe I’ll sue."""@JamColley: We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.""""@joelledoucette: @realDonaldTrump FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it! #2016""""""@geomac24:  Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them, windfarms slashed property value by 12%""""""@bitchClassyboSs: How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books."" I am now writing ""The Art of the Deal, Part II.".@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!"""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Hope you announce that you're running for president! You'd get my vote!""""""@RockChristopher: I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. ~ Donald Trump""""@BesttQuotes_: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.–Donald Trump""  True!"I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!"""@StephenNolan: I rarely get star struck - but I've just interviewed Donald Trump for @bbc5live yeeeehaaaaa""""""@KatieDaviscourt: I am totally voting for @realDonaldTrump if he runs for President!!"" Thanks.""""@ChrisC_Skyward: Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!""""""@JefeClutch: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT""""""@MaryHukill:  Just bought at Macy's my 2014 installment of your Shirts for Christmas! Gorgeous colors this year! and Fabric."""The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!"""@selbyke: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas stayed last month, great time, great service, great pool &amp, great view of 'The Strip' from room!"""My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @Yankees“Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - @jacknicklaus"""@YouKnowYourNice @realDonaldTrump you are the man, telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you.""  Thank you.""""@LoganB58 So cool to see @realDonaldTrump respond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world.""  Thanks.""""@BillyDHayes Nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! Thank you for being that guy!"" Thank you.""""@RealPro4Real @TheMilliardaire @Trump_Ireland  Wow, the golf course in Ireland is designed with great taste &amp, attention to detail! :-)"" Thx""""@GrandeEvents Can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous!""  Thank you."People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!"""@JSL79 I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza &amp, Taj returning them to the great places they once were"" Will take a hard look."I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp, breaks!When you’re in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp, hit fast!The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp, tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!"""@oasisjosh @GlennInvestor @realDonaldTrump his books are great"" Thanks.""""@ItsDeMarioW: Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller song""  And mine tooooo!""""@SapThrows: This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope @realDonaldTrump runs so he can get my vote #Trump2016""""""@Parslow_88: @realDonaldTrump lets go #Trump2016""""""@oasisjosh: If I was an American I'm sure I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for president.""""""@JoePreni: I've never voted before, but if @realDonaldTrump runs for president I'll vote for him. #trump""""""@chuckiswhite: @realDonaldTrump 2016"On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!"""@ryan__schiller: @realDonaldTrump reading ""Never Give Up"" by Donald Trump, he is my idol. Please see this Mr. Trump!!""  Great."Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader"""@ScotlandGolf1 @IvankaTrump @TrumpScotland  It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients."" Thank you.""""@buddholly: @realDonaldTrump you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else!"" Thanks.""""@calihose3: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016! #trump2016 Please! Bring class, leadership and competence back to #America. You have my vote!""""@jdbailey08: @realDonaldTrump you're my hero. Keep up the good work. #TrumpForPresident""""""@spencerpyoung: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote."" Great!""""@ShayDud: @realDonaldTrump If you can dream it, you can do it. waltdisney Hope your dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.""""""@ga888ino: @realDonaldTrump what's holding you back from running for president? Live &amp, die for your beliefs..."" Stay tuned!""""@ITS_TIMe31: Can @realDonaldTrump please run for president!""""""@Lotuschild32: @realDonaldTrump U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs! #Trump4Prez #FireObama""""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @EmoHermione I hope that he runs also! We need a real leader in DC.""""""@prolifictweeter: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run for president too""""""@TimGebby: I'm back following @realDonaldTrump and my twitter life just got better! #PresidentofTweet"" Great.""""@TimeReckoner: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump needs to run for President. You'll have my Vote when you decide to run for Office."" Thank you.""""@straussanator: @realDonaldTrump When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon, recently finished shooting - and it is great!""""@EmoHermione: I really really really hope that @realDonaldTrump runs for president. It would make all my dreams come true."" Thanks.""""@MathewPrinsen: @realDonaldTrump I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no?"" Terrible!""""@CahlRStorrie When I go to New York my first second and third stop is @TrumpTowerNY and hopefully get to see @realDonaldTrump""  Great!"“Do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – Think Like a ChampionZegarelli and Vescio:  Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved now—very bad for town.  @BriarcliffManor"""@donallentown: @realDonaldTrump @KyleKissKiss not only do you have a great name.. you'd win and do a great job. Hug @IvankaTrump for me :)""""""@ThissenRolf: @realDonaldTrump i'm a german social democrat, but don, go for president. I want to see real competition""""""@LyricalmafiaRum: Will TRUMP-A-MANIA run wild again in Atlantic City? DonaldTrump @HulkHogan #Wrestlemania4 #wrestlemania5 @VinceMcMahon""""""@LyricalmafiaRum: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP-A-MANIA NEEDS TO RUN WILD AGAIN IN AC!"" So true, after I left it lost all energy and spirit!""""@betocolombia1: @realDonaldTrump @KyleKissKiss  Donald, you will win, but I have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!""""""@Karabeckley:  @KyleKissKiss couldn't agree more! Please our country needs a true strong leader! I'm terrified for this country now!""""""@KyleKissKiss: @realDonaldTrump run for president, win, and handle it!"""According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hideWhy would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader &amp, bring $’s to KY“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.” – Abraham LincolnNow Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor"""@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @tylerasmith1 GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants""""""@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump @wolf_grayson he will win in 2016""""""@Chazman321: @realDonaldTrump You should run for POTUS, I would back you 110%!""""""@rummypent: @realDonaldTrump @johneharmon man I'd love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love you""  Thank you!""""@wolf_grayson: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump 2016. You better win.""""""@breemomma33: @realDonaldTrump Always enjoy listening to you on @foxandfriends Too bad this Administration doesn't take your advice!""""""@johneharmon: @realDonaldTrump great segment on fox and friends. #takebacksenate""""""@RobHelm78: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thank God, I need my DT fix"" Cute!""""@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country""""""@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic"" Good question!"Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends"""@ilenayankoviak: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016?""""""@AndyAy:DonaldTrump Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland,so good choice"Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly."""Without passion, you don’t have energy, and without energy, you have nothing!"" Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well."The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable"""@kylegolfmtnbike: @realDonaldTrump NFL is forever changed and I'm afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football"""The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to ""moderate rebels"" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us"Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!“Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.” - Stephen CoveyBrand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties @Macys.  Go check them out.The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll, @BillCassidy will beat her in November.China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain?"""@000HermanSJr000  The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman &amp, artist""  Thx"Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  @MikeBloombergI am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well &amp, look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute."""@Gregshades @realDonaldTrump in 2017 when obama (hopefully) leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare."" Thx""""@NYCdeb8tr: @realDonaldTrump We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering? #Trumpfan""""""@JZ561: @realDonaldTrump Seriously love all things Trump! #justsayin"" Thanks.""""@NotoriousGeko: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump for president!""""""@ewalkdog33: @realDonaldTrump even if it's only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy""""""@ClaudeVanPelt: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently."" Many agree, thanks!""""@_spock: RT @mrgrumpystephen: Hi @realDonaldTrump it’s my birthday any chance of a retweet""  Happy birthday!""""@lightlybarbara: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump you should run for president seriously""""""@pharlap9 @realDonaldTrump Emanuel is nuts, period! Your sign is ""wonderful"" on your building in Chicago!"" Thank you.""""@NYCdeb8tr  Mr. Trump, I would love to see you spice things up, and cut a rug on #DancingWiththeStars"" They would love to have me!"@Luigiboria  Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!"""@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.""""""@1SimranjitSingh: @realDonaldTrump Donald Vs. Vince McMahon at Wrestlemania 23. EPIC"""“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahonThe Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp, training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp, arm them in Syria? What is he doing!Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow, the response was amazing!“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.”  -- Dean Smith"""@Valbano206: Loved listening to @realDonaldTrump this morning on @MikeAndMike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL""""""@GZervs: Great job on @espn this morning. @realDonaldTrump could run the NFL much better""""""@jake_wilfong: @realDonaldTrump was speaking the truth this morning on @MikeAndMike. Too many flags, let the boys play.""""""@dmadan81: ""The NFL is becoming unwatchable, because of the flags"" -@realDonaldTrump""""""@jmart1128: Loving @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike this morning!""""""@williamwatp: @realDonaldTrump great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo, buy the Chicago @Cubs #sonsofwrigley""""""@itguy7305: @realdonaldtrump I can't believe I agree with everything you said on @MikeAndMike #worldisover""""""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Absolutely right!! #mikeandmike""""""@pittab: @MikeAndMike you guys need to have @realDonaldTrump on every week!""""""@CJDischinger: @MikeAndMike --- so @realDonaldTrump for @nfl commish? Loved his views.""""""@bhamp23: @realDonaldTrump @espn great interview""""""@louis_the_iv: Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but @realDonaldTrump spoke the absolute truth""""""@sinksinksink1: @realDonaldTrump everything you just said on mike&amp,mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!""""""@MarkMizzouSteel: LOVE hearing @realDonaldTrump laying the hammer on the @nfl on @MikeAndMike this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!""""""@uwsp46: @realDonaldTrump @nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game""""""@bluedish: @realDonaldTrump @espn spot on interview! 👍 let em play, put the flags away!""""""@AllanBell247: Did anyone just see @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike? He nailed it.""""""@HelLo4T: PREACH @realDonaldTrump !!! U killed it on @MikeAndMike ! #NFLestaDepinga""""""@TRUEQUE02: @realDonaldTrump love your response on @MikeAndMike this morning regarding the @nfl brand 🙌""""""@titansfan1967: @realDonaldTrump @espn I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.""""""@Hai: I couldn't agree more with @realDonaldTrump about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!""""""@beasonshane: @Espngreeny @espngolic great call from @realDonaldTrump 100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.""""@WayneHancock88: I think that @realDonaldTrump should be the next Commissioner of the @nfl! #BringBackFootball""""""@Waltthew: @MikeAndMike Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.""""""@jared_searcy88: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump is the man.""""""@thesa: @Espngreeny @MikeAndMike @espngolic Listen to what @realDonaldTrump said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league""""""@David_Perilla3: @realDonaldTrump thanks for telling it how it is""""""@B_Dussault: @realDonaldTrump should be on @MikeAndMike everyday. Such an interesting guy."" Thanks.""""@SouthernRambler: @realDonaldTrump @espn you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible""""""@StClou: Have to agree with Mr. T, what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy, but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle""""""@jphillipsLO: @realDonaldTrump @espn You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.""""""@MostonTyler: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump 100% right about the excessive flags and tackling""""""@TheRxElite: @realDonaldTrump loved your time on @MikeAndMike today. Great points and views.""""""@Echo5Chrly: @MikeAndMike for once @realDonaldTrump makes sense. The @nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags.""""""@AriansFetus: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump WOW, what did I wake up to? Awesome take.  #NFL""""""@DeejayWalmix: Everything @realDonaldTrump said right on the money! @Espngreeny @espngolic 💯✔""""""@Todd_H @MikeAndMike -Let the court &amp, league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T, the @nfl needs to worry about product on field""""""@bxrocboy: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan, I'm losing interest.""""""@rclark_randy: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @MikeAndMike this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!""""""@iMarle64: @MikeandMike Wow,an actual good guest😳 @RealDonaldTrump keeping it real on his view of the #NFL🏈 #refreshing""""""@Skelify: @Espngreeny Completely agree with what @realDonaldTrump just said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]""""""@J_Hawk25: @realDonaldTrump well said this morning on @MikeAndMike the NFL has become the No Fun League. #nfl""""""@coreymccrack3n: @realDonaldTrump had a good point this morning on @MikeAndMike. The refs are flag happy, and make watching games boring."""In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!“Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.” - Johnny CashEvery day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.Just met with David Perdue @Perduesenate. He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!"""@NewMexicoRoni @realDonaldTrump sadly, they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots.""  And I haven't been there in years.""""@Yankee_RangerNV @realDonaldTrump Don't forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years"" So true, thanks.""""@sirsmooth61 taj employee here mr trump, we will welcome you back with open arms! We need you back!"" Thanks Mark, I am looking!"We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late.Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best showsCan you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problemsIt is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price,  to save Plaza &amp, Taj. They were run badly by funds!If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin CoolidgeCongratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!"""@jcartmell_2011: I honestly think he needs to run for president. I'd vote for him in a heart beat. Man's a genius!!"" Thank you!"I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!"""@MikeyJFitz: @realDonaldTrump Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. #Trump2016""""""@AndyHemmins: @realDonaldTrump #MissUSA is way classier than #MissAmerica""""""@KevHegarty: Please please please let @realDonaldTrump run for president. That would be awesome.""""""@mkristin73: @realDonaldTrump I honestly don't doubt it. We need a real leader in there.""""""@MattMan612: I'm on board with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@mkristin73: @realDonaldTrump so are you running for president?"" Time will soon tell, but if I do, our country will be great again!""""@IndyBuffaloJim:  All fact, but of course haters never check the DATA, your business decisions are sound &amp, you have the success 2 prove it""""""@JaredAustinThom: We just need to let @realDonaldTrump run the whole world. #Trump2016"" It would be a fantastic place, thanks!""""@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump you always know what to say. You're an inspiration for millions if not billions."" Thank you."I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry"""@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood That isn't even a real number! Nice try, you will see Donald Trump by a landslide in 2016!"""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!"""@A_Frog_4_Life: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - Donald Trump""""@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood Donald Trump has more know how, grit, and integrity than George W. Bush."" Very true!"Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!"""@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever!"" So true!""""@EastonWestwood: Please run for President again! America is almost finished but might have a chance if you're President in Jan.2017.""""""@Kstork48G: @realDonaldTrump I would love for you to run. What would be your plan on stopping ISIS?? Military mom here. Love you""""""@hawkeye3073: @realDonaldTrump I know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 #MuchRespect""""""@JohnnySanaC: Kinda early to decide, but i'm going to be @realDonaldTrump for halloween lol""  Have fun!""""@jeffpurcell50: @realDonaldTrump @ghosttoast99 he will help. He is a great man!""""""@Lauraaachinn: @realDonaldTrump for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls.""""""@shoreline1996 DonaldTrump Please for all of humanity run for President. But use your money to campaign so you don't need to return favors.""""@Ripnitz: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE run for President!!! We need you to straighten out this Country!!""""@CandyStiltz: @realDonaldTrump Please run. I'd like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office."" Remember what you said!""""@ghosttoast99: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son, Carson."" How much do you need?""""@samanthaviner01: @realDonaldTrump for president"""“Always be prepared to start.” - Joe MontanaSen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp, ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote @ThomTillis in November!The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!"""@jenniii0rozco: @realDonaldTrump you should be our new president .."On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp, our freedom."""@Yankee_RangerNV The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue what's left of this country&amp, RUN!"" So true!"They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!"""@orlando_tina: @realDonaldTrump I wish you were president sir!"""Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!"""@bebe_el_mejor: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!."" Thanks.""""@EnhancedEddie: @realDonaldTrump trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln"" Wow, nice!""""@MarvinEscobars: TRUMP = TRIUMPH = TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!! @realDonaldTrump""""@therachelgibson: Seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. It's now or never! We need you. #USA #nowornever""  So true!""""@NateZito: @realDonaldTrump you should be the next president Don"" Thanks.""""@IndyBuffaloJim: The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.""""@Silverfoxgranny:  #SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts""""""@joeyjoe78:  Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! It's time for other nations to pay up!""""""@RealJimPeterson: @realDonaldTrump That's right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance.""""@dale_schrock: @realDonaldTrump So true.. They should pay up for our protection, and by the way stop persecuting Christians over there too!""""@kevinb____: @realDonaldTrump Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS""""""@TwatterTwatTwit: @realDonaldTrump you are 100% right. Enough is enough.""""""@johnmichael328: @realDonaldTrump Great question...agreed""""""@nick2travel: @realDonaldTrump They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years.""""""@KingofPolitics: @realDonaldTrump Donald in the House. You nailed it down.""""""@Kalozap: Obama's mind, IsIs, ebola, etc.... and then thinking, boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links"""Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!"""@DiamondsLPN: @realDonaldTrump Would you please run for President? People respect you!!! And know you don't play around!""""""@WeddingBandWNY: @realDonaldTrump Thank you!!! Love Buffalo!"" My great honor!""""@terriduncan73: @realDonaldTrump I would definately vote for you ♡♡""""""@Aguilar845: @realDonaldTrump For President #2016""""""@vix3361: @realDonaldTrump you speak the truth"" True!"“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean AchesonWindmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history."""@trixdelavega @realDonaldTrump please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible""  Very soon.""""@nursedebi @realDonaldTrump thank you for your support #CDCwhistleblower"" You're welcome.""""@dragonfly125 @realDonaldTrump loved that season!!!!! #RIPJoanRivers"" Everyone did, thanks.""""@Cringe_Fringe @Joan_Rivers You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her.  Thanks, Mr. Trump."" Thank you.""""@JoePerry: Always good to see @realDonaldTrump Rock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show."" Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert.""""@TheBigJamesG: What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is"""New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!"""Everything you can imagine is real."" —Pablo Picasso"“Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get RichWith the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force."""@SassyPantsjj Please do more Apprentices', know you're busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!!  Love that show !!!"" Thanks."If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?"""@mtthwdvs: @realDonaldTrump Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!""""""@216th: @realDonaldTrump you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.""""""@KandaceC1: @realDonaldTrump when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!:  Soon!""""@JonesTigger0828: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.""""""@boobunni_: Might buy a tv just to see @realDonaldTrump on Monday mornings on @foxandfriends"" Great.""""@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends: You can bet your rear-ends that D. T.  WOULD have a strategy, and WOULD HAVE A YEAR AGO. Great segment!.""""""@__________IAN: ""No one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for everything""- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!""""""@Cordizzzle: @HowardStern getting a lot of praise from @realDonaldTrump on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral. 👍"" Howard did a great job!""""@MrsWilbert: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends now that I know you're on every Monday, I'll definitely be listening""""""@SHMann55: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president!"" Thank you!""""@JBizz13: It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course"" Tnx!"I will be on Fox &amp, Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!"""@kpasee: Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart, I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice 😢"""Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!"""@ChrisSergeant: @thomas Thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. There's Donald Trump for one.""""""@P00dy:  @realDonaldTrump @MarvinEscobars The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses.""  Thanks!""""He who demands little gets it."" - Ellen Glasgow""""@gracem54: @realDonaldTrump seriously - USA could use a man like you running this country! We could be great again! #Trump2016""  Thank you!"One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!"""@TimothyHero: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run for president when Obama's corrupted term is done.""""""@nwankwofranklin: @realDonaldTrump I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.""""@flowersmeller: @realDonaldTrump any plans to come back to Dubai @DamacOfficial - looking forward to playing 18 on your course!""  Great!""""@andyacr: @realDonaldTrump can't imagine living a day in your shoes. It must be remarkable."" But never easy!""""@EricaMelone: @realDonaldTrump anyone that knows you, knows it has nothing to do with you. Don't worry about defending yourself. You ROCK!""""""@FanOfGreenMMs: @realDonaldTrump we love you Mr. Trump."" Thank you!""""@AlbyMetevier: @realDonaldTrump Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed."" So true!""""@justdoitmia: @realDonaldTrump hard not think Atlantic City and not think of you..you're an icon there and always will be, god bless you!""""@DEBKANCHAN: @realDonaldTrump Trump is Trump-Card to Success in USA ! Make him President of USA"""Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!"""@rokrok10100: @realDonaldTrump ...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up, America, recognize the sheer class of this man.""""""@MasterBaxter8: @EricTrump you and your family amaze me, can't think of a nobler family in history. @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr"" Thank you""""@TJonesy072: @realDonaldTrump Pecfect! Why aren't you President?""""""@MasterBaxter8: @MELANIATRUMP probably one of the most beautiful  ladies to walk the planet, of course @realDonaldTrump is her husband!""""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular.""  Thank you!""""@anthonyjmyers: #IfTrumpWerePresident, this country would be the classiest, most established, most admired place in the world."" 100% TRUE!""""@nick2travel: If Trump was President, there would be Jobs all over, and Professionals like me would not have to move to another country.""""""@billywmerritt: .@realDonaldTrump We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit.""  Great!""""@billywmerritt: ""The Art of the Deal"" got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!"""I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!"Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check ""place of birth"""President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy CarterI'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child."""@P01YN0NYM0U55: ! @vikdam @jamandatrtl imagine how mad you'd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you""""""@gio_th: ""If you want to test a man's character, give him power.”—Abraham Lincoln""""@P01YN0NYM0U55:  @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine"""The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarineBest of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this Sunday."""Taking risks &amp, making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself"" -Trump Never Give Up""""@therefornone just home from great couple of days at @TrumpTurnberry. Tremendous golf course, simply outstanding. Loved it."" Great, thanks.""""@buntymunn @realDonaldTrump just played Trump aberdeen yesterday, might just be the best golf experience I've ever had!"" Great, thanks!"“Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald ReaganJoan Rivers @Joan_Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.“Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think BigSenator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp, internationally, hope is not a strategy.I attended @Aerosmith concert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesn’t get any better than that. @IamStevenT was fantastic, great energy!So many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp, autism will drop!"""@This_JustIn: Waking up early and studying my idol @realDonaldTrump"" Go get 'em!""""@OnlineOnTheAir: My friend's son, immediate #autism after #vaccines 10 yrs ago. So sad. Keep up good work Nay-sayers will understand soon.""""""@rwang0: @MillionBy22 @realDonaldTrump has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins."Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.Entrepreneurs:  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard."""Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."" -- Steve Jobs""""@chrisshields16 Class act @realDonaldTrump. Way to go. #ALS big props!""  Thanks.""""@deno716 What better way to start a movie than having @realDonaldTrump in the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on @Netflix""  Great!""""@AkiaGarnett @R_B_Stuart  Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor"" Thx""""@fishingmaniac @realDonaldTrump Thank you for supporting American values."" That's easy!""""@iambedmatrix  Mr. Trump, when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City?  We love you and your pageant, we just want to know"" Soon!""""@smiller581110 @realDonaldTrump @skimpybean Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to you""  Thank you.""""@SheltonFL @realDonaldTrump stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed"" Thanks. @TrumpChicago""""@justtreatsgolf  Hair-raising stuff as golf mogul @realDonaldTrump proves that it is his real hair with his #IceBucketChallenge""  Thanks.""""@rcstaley @LoisWeiss @realDonaldTrump I loved your ALS  challenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT!"" Thanks"I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp, their future.No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.Young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!“The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - @jack_welch"""@lansdalepadre @realDonaldTrump what a great sport!!  Good job!! #ALSIceBucketChallenge""  Thank you."“I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” - @Joan_Rivers"""@orestistzo @realDonaldTrump I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir! #ALSIceBucketChallenge"" Thx""""@GPlunkert @realDonaldTrump it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president..""  Thank you.""""@vv3762 @realDonaldTrump  @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump It is fine that despite your achievements, you have not lost sense of humour!""Thanks.""""@LisaZ15 @realDonaldTrump Wishing her well!  She was awesome when she was on Celebrity Apprentice!  Very smart."" True!  @Joan_Rivers""""@ALSAMA New hairstyle for Donald Trump? We think it looks great all slicked back!  #ALSIceBucketChallenge"" Maybe I will do it someday--thx!""""@DeesSteve @realDonaldTrump hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. Classy hotel. We will return"" Great, thx! @TrumpLasVegas""""@PIERPAOLOMONNI Just Amazing! Well done! Great you accepted that challenge @realDonaldTrump! Personally I had no doubts about that!"" Thanks""""@dirtmeister You don't have to be President to make a difference,You saved New York from mediocrity."" Thank you, people do forget!""""AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back.  It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ,) #ALS"" May happen, thx""""@skimpybean @realDonaldTrump Woah! Well done fella. I honestly thought for all these years that was a wig."" See, I told you so, thanks!""""@lorenzolamas  You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam."" Thanks Lorenzo.""""@RamDurand:  @VinnyGooch The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox""""""@MayurSharma60: @realDonaldTrump I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai #coztrumptowersisthebest""""""@NPHerron: @realDonaldTrump For president #2016election""""""@VinnyGooch: @realDonaldTrump THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!""""""@lizzymariedaoud: Mr. Trump i seriously love you, your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real, and you speak your mind!""""""@BBCoachKK: You are my idol! I'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT!"" Get out!""""@Frannyfine31: @realDonaldTrump I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president. @panda9103 @ParentSeitz""""""@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD 2016""""""@KAKJOY: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President!!!!""""""@sweetsweetseven:Most gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece? #SMH #trump2016""""@Taylorstime: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers Donald you speak the truth .""""""@KTxO5: @realDonaldTrump will u please run for president""""""@hardworkinmane: @realDonaldTrump I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.""""""@SandeeBengel: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!""""""@blupony3: @realDonaldTrump we've got some political s'stuff'that has to go,but you,why dont you run for president?""""""@Bgara2011: MrTrump, today @ church preacher said that if Abraham was modern he would be someone like you. Thought you should know."" Thanks""""@DeannaSpillyard: @DeannaSpillyard: Successful Business 101: If @realDonaldTrump buys, you buy. If he sells, you sell. Don't ask just do it""""@bradcooney1:Wise words. My Nephew is a US Marine soon to be heading into harms way again. It's gonna be a long 7 months for us."" Good luck""""@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @MarieDAnnunzio Please run for president, Mr Trump!""""@MarieDAnnunzio: @realDonaldTrump your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps"" Thank you!"Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!In my book, @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing"""@R_B_Stuart: @realDonaldTrump Loved your ice bucket challenge. I hope everyone shuts up about your hair now.".@Joan_Rivers   Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!“Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp, that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.” – Think Big"""@awmorrell  At last, the @realDonaldTrump hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS #icebucketchallenge "" Thx--I hope so!""""@SheriffButchDC Way 2go! @realDonaldTrump You created awareness for MILLIONS. Looking 4ward to @EricTrump &amp, @DonaldJTrumpJr"" Thanks Butch."Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?"""@EricTrump  I officially accept @realDonaldTrump's #ALSIceBucketChallenge..."" Very good Eric, I am always proud of you  #StrikeOutALS""""@juanjgers: @realDonaldTrump when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote!🇺🇸🐘"" Thanks!"Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause"""@financeturd: @realDonaldTrump  Melania would make a great first lady"""We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp, he's out"""@phipppo: Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller song""  So true!""""@kornegay_danna: @EmpireofSocial I love Donald Trump. People are just jealous. I admire his family. Good man that would be a great Potus""""""@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @RyanKainec1 Yes, and what a great first lady we would have!  True!"Congratulations to @Graeme_McDowell and @kristinstape. Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!"""@EmpireofSocial: Tell me one industry @realDonaldTrump does not have a business in""  There are many!""""@RyanKainec1: Please run for president. It's been a long time since we've had an honest president. You are called to do great things.""""""@domjoly: @realDonaldTrump I can't help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!""""@HomerJSimpson: I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominate @realDonaldTrump to follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!".@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!"""@Spongebob501R: @HomerJSimpson Good job, Homer! @realDonaldTrump Good luck!""  Thanks, I'll need it!".@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow....Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine"""@UsuallyBogey  I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse @realDonaldTrump if they were still around"" Thank you."Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham LincolnRemember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!With the record $200M renovations on track &amp, budget (a miracle in DC), Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!"""@chrisg802: @realDonaldTrump @slaw116 God awful show. Many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better.""""@suzyz40: @realDonaldTrump @YourInfoBabe @slaw116 - so talentless, what was he doing there?""""""@smile_heather: @realDonaldTrump you are correct. Emmys were awful.""""""@jclancy21: @realDonaldTrump @YourInfoBabe @slaw116 He was really terrible. Has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?""""""@johnjeren: @realDonaldTrump @natebailey11 Seth Myers is unwatchable. I don't know how he got his own late night talk show.""""""@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant.""""""@YourInfoBabe: Couldn't agree more! “@brealDonaldTrump: ""@slaw116: @realDonaldTrump Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.""""@2ndClassClown: @realDonaldTrump Kimmel was way funnier than Meyers. I don't think I laughed once at anything Seth said.""""""@natebailey11: Seth Meyers lame 'act' proving @realDonaldTrump correct, #Emmys are almost unwatchable.""""""@Vegies: @realDonaldTrump called it the @emmys2014 are going to awful! #awful""""""@slaw116: @realDonaldTrump Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!".@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp, constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell."""@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @amirite_ I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.""""""@OjJava: @realDonaldTrump I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..""""""@amirite_: @realDonaldTrump never got why seth meyers was funny, good point!""""""@mindcontrolJPG: @realDonaldTrump i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.""""@evanmcmurry: @realDonaldTrump you should run for presidnet"" Thanks.""""@ElishevaNY: @samir @realDonaldTrump also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg."We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M."""@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT""""""@Andigriffin: @realDonaldTrump Would you consider an appointment like Sec. Of defense? Or Treasury? #needtrumpsomehow""""""@dirtmeister: @realDonaldTrump Everyone wants to back you for '16. Don't think Hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team.""""""@saigon1968tet: “@realDonaldTrump: Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings.""The worst I have ever witnessed""""@zakspace11: @realDonaldTrump mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. Best country club in US #baller"" Many agree, thanks!""""@midnite_pumpkin: You're the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!""""""@damiranz: DonaldTrump: Pls don't run for president. If you do and win, the rest of the world would be screwed"" So true, (except friends)!"Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!"""@TalismanJohnnyA: DonaldTrump - I would LOVE..LOVE to see debates between D and (we assume) Hillary. Talk about a PPV event. D is great!""""""@NYRLenny: @realDonaldTrump if you run for President I will go door to door convincing people to vote for you.""  Thanks!""""@MasterKA42: So much hate on @realDonaldTrump . People need to calm down and understand what this nation needs. #Trump2016"" Thank you!""""@gaylemcconnau: @realDonaldTrump  It would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now""""""@SurferBobRaider:  I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like #Obama. I did, twice. Regret it.""""""@SurferBobRaider:  @realDonaldTrump  I regret voting for O. I thought he would be great. He's spineless and weak. Worst prez ever. Clearly""""""@yourfrehwre: #PayMyBillsChallenge @Beyonce @BillGates @realDonaldTrump I nominate you""""""@MasterKA42: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016! Please! Our nation needs to be saved!"" I agree!""""@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ Donald Trump""""""@MotivationIdeas: In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. ~ Donald Trump""""""@soul_of_twit: People I'd pay to see do that bucket thing: Donald Trump, Madonna, Bono."""The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!"""@ChristopheWheat Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald!  @TrumpTurnberry in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland.""  Thanks."“Chalk failure up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up"""@crossbowdave My wife, kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the #trumptower. It was beautiful, as I had hoped!"" Great, thanks""""@whitewolf2226: @realDonaldTrump @RussComments @yorkv01 Donald, get in there and take control of this nation for us!""""@CREEutiful  @realDonaldTrump - saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Can't wait to go back n see more!"" Great, thanks.""""@MrVolvo7090 I frequently sport your French cuffed shirts. Fit to a tee and always receive compliments. Very well done #DTCollection""  Thx.""""@tiffanypearls It's no secret that @realDonaldTrump is my hero. Think big. Work #smart"" Thanks Jill, best wishes.""""@SuptSims  it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!"" Thank you."“You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up"""@maathewdavis @realDonaldTrump if Donald puts his mind to it, he’ll have this country in its best spot since Reagan!""  I agree, thanks!""""@DonB1957 @JessicahRabbit @troylaneroberts I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots, always look great.""  Thanks.""""@ignacio8787: @realDonaldTrump @johnyboi509 hope you run for #POTUS and win to shake up #DC and the #Congress we need you""""""@yorkv01: @realDonaldTrump Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this?"" Smarts &amp, toughness!""""@heidimac60 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY simply amazing!""  Thank you."Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp, care!"""@Technotoaster: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?""Watch"ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!"""@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term."" True.""""@BackOnTrackUSA: @realDonaldTrump While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties &amp, jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists.""""""@JWill1240: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@ohheyjanelle: Mr. @realDonaldTrump for President 2016!"""" PLEASE RUN. IF THERE'S A GOD, YOU WILL RUN!!!""""""@BalconyBreeze: @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly."" True!""""@MichaelTMorgan1: @realDonaldTrump @Honduran  I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now""""""@ohheyjanelle: Mr. @realDonaldTrump for President 2016!""""""@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump always knows what to say. I love the #trumpadvice"" Thank you."@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp, needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp, focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.Believe you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt"""@KenCageRepo @TrumpDoral  That is absolutely SPECTACULAR.  Although for the Trumps, its called ""normal"".  Amazing job.""  Thank you."The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion"""@zshroff @TrumpChicago All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great, doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture."" Thx."Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.“When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch"""A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new."" -- Albert Einstein"“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein"""@Lane_Pack: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote.""""""@ellenbourque: @Writing4Life197 your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president?"" Just watch!"Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!"""@Jonesbox: @realDonaldTrump nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs."" Very nice, thank you!""""@DonnieBurner: @realDonaldTrump = next president."" I can tell you one thing, we would have a great country again-in fact, better than ever!""""@Subb54: Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN""""""@Writing4Life197: @realDonaldTrump Please run in 2016 Mr Trump we need a new commander in chief""  That's for sure!""""@SnoopyBarber: it'd be a good thing for USA if @realDonaldTrump be POTUS in 2016.""""""@angelicaerazo_: @realDonaldTrump is a true entrepreneur indeed. Smart decision maker and a great leader. I admire you, Mr. Trump."" Thanks!"Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild."""@_jaynyc: if it's one person i admire, it'll be @realDonaldTrump for all the success he's had in his lifetime.""  Thank you!""""@ptarkkonen: ""Without  passion you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing."" -Donald Trump #quote""""""@AlmightyJuan__: I look like Donald Trump when he made his first 1 million""  You must be great looking!"Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney“Diligence is the mother of good luck.”  - Benjamin Franklin“If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give UpJust watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp, comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.” – Think Big“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” -   Vince Lombardi"""@MelissaIl: @realDonaldTrump Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife."" Very nice, thanks!""""@JayGW804: RT @realDonaldTrump: The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain""""""@ash_talks: Have to meet @realDonaldTrump in the morning. Good night."""The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain"""@sammyt_77: @realDonaldTrump you're a true champion Mr. Trump!""  Thank you.""""@AkomolafeJoseph: @realDonaldTrump @Aaron  I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem."" Nice!"Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp, Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!"""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you,"" Thank you!""""@Aaron_Yay: Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! #NewThoughtPioneer - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.""""@babalandyy: @realDonaldTrump you should be the president"" Thanks!""""@DeannaSpillyard: My Dad, Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated.""""@TheAme19: @realDonaldTrump @RedNationRising And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...""""""@TruthGunner: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@dejr5: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump &amp, Ben Carson 2016"" Wow!” I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald, RUN !""""""@Kittykatnip1970:  @SaveUSA2014 @realDonaldTrump If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve &amp, jobs would be created.""""@PG1701: @realDonaldTrump Home or abroad, this President hasn't put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases, made things worse.""""""@Mega_Murph_: We need smart people like @realDonaldTrump in office -  he can get America back on it's feet"""We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!"""@dejr5: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump &amp, Ben Carson 2016"" Wow!""""@wRiTeItNoW.  A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you. -Vanderbilt""""""@josegonzalez_69: @realDonaldTrump Bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with!""I have said that for many years, bad judgement""""@hardworkinmane: @realDonaldTrump u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views."" I agree""""@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster""""""@BackOnTrackUSA:While Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders, Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons.""""""@MJB____: I just bought #ArtOfTheDeal and #ThinkBig @realDonaldTrump"" Great, enjoy!""""@Suhreenaa: Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!""""""@mlmpatton: @realDonaldTrump when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show &amp, you!"" In the Fall, thanks!""""@seankesser:  @realDonaldTrump Trump University had 98% approval ratings,beats Harvard, NYU &amp, other top universities"""“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” -   Sun Tzu"""@gmannn1983 @realDonaldTrump best ties anywhere class all the way""  Thanks.""""@scrt22 @realDonaldTrump for all of your faults, whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account."" Thanks, sort of!"Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp, Obama should apologize"""@dainbramaged_ @realDonaldTrump  Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises."" True."What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?Sorry, I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India."""@nothreeputt You have to admit @realDonaldTrump was correct, Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. #notamuni"" So true!""""@seankesser: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity"" Thank you!""""@ShadesOfLilac: RT “@realDonaldTrump: We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.” Completely agree, Mr. Trump.""""""@johnyboi509: @realDonaldTrump for president #2016""""""@BoogBannon: Can't wait till @realDonaldTrump is president"" I don't blame you, things would get really good, really fast!""""@CMSKPK: Watch out, Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald &amp, Ivanka! I'm coming for you...with a business proposal, of course!""""""@D1PZ: One of Donald Trump's philosophies: ""If someone screws you, screw them back ten times worse"" I have heard of far worse!""""@superjessica562: Donald Trump by @MacMiller will forever be one of my favs 💕""  I understand why!"Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci"""@fuckceciliaa: @realdonaldtrump I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one."""SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston ChurchillThanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soonThink big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give upCongratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?“Being true to yourself...will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas TouchOur government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept."""@illusiverealm: Just bought a @realDonaldTrump tie from @Macys it's beautiful, great style"" Great, they are top quality at reasonable price""So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a ""highway"" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast""""@JayGershbein: I agree! MT  Doctor on @NBCNightlyNews agreed we should not bring #Ebola into country in two patients, bring docs to them.""""""@Sprkle:  Your opinions on #Ebola were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH..""""""@JordanManhas: @realDonaldTrump , Any plans for a trump building in Toronto, Mr.Trump."" Already have a great one, Trump International hotel""""@SteveGutzler: In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake, but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump""""@happygirl71929: Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!""""""@Coximus2: Oh, Donald. Don't ever change @realDonaldTrump"" I will try not to!"The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergovMayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. @westchestergovWe should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so."""@Jon_Senior: Mr Trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them?"" All!""""@jenncase: .@realDonaldTrump for prez 2016 cuz #america""""""@AgentSanderson: @realDonaldTrump I hate myself for following you..."" But you just have no control over yourself, you need Trump so badly!""""@KrisinAL: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz Explain? He's a pollster?""  Yes, but a really bad (and boring) one!".@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!"""@TrickyMackey: @Tidmore He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola.""""""@rdodd104: @realDonaldTrump i agree it does seem crazy""""""@BerryBrite1: @realDonaldTrump They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely.""""""@NicoleNrouse: Looking forward to my work week in #Chicago and my favorite Rooftop restaurant @TrumpChicago best view! @realDonaldTrump""""""@livinginthenorm: I find @realDonaldTrump and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!"""The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols"The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our ""borders."" Act fast!""""@tony351952: @realDonaldTrump U need 2 run 4 office""""""@BigBoie7531:  To all the liberal do gooders, this is the Plague you idiots! No cure! @ You may have confidence in the CDC, but I don't!""""""@tina_louise_007: @realDonaldTrump I agree!!!!!""""""@NicolasTetrault: @realDonaldTrump I agree 100%""""""@Mrs_VGomez: @realDonaldTrump Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!""""""@BarbaraSMayer: @realDonaldTrump You are right about the Ebola patients. It's a deadly virus, and they shouldn't bring them to the US.""""""@mrstraceyowen: @realDonaldTrump you want sense ? Listen to @realDonaldTrump !""""If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore ""leader,"" is grossly incompetent!"The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders"Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad.""Keep the oil"""The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!.@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp, E bills.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford"""@MickyArison @realDonaldTrump @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood."" Thank you."“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve JobsStop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them,  at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!"""@redskinsgirl23: @realDonaldTrump  @Macys Not more beautiful than @IvankaTrump! She is just soooooo beautiful!"" I happen to agree!""""@IntegralDevices: @realDonaldTrump @IR7DJ2 @buffalobills Congrats #NFL good choice""""""@IR7DJ2:  @realDonaldTrump @buffalobillsHe knows how to run organizations.Has a proven track record. Most importantly-He's respected""""""@pauljmarsico: @realDonaldTrump @buffalobills Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal."""Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!"""@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump @brasicingbras @Macys I'll admit Trump ties are most beautiful.""""@IR7DJ2: @realDonaldTrump advancing to next round of bidding for @buffalobills. He would be #amazing for #NFL and everything in general.""""@CPow17: Got my first paycheck today. Watch out @realDonaldTrump I'm right on you're heels"" Great going, work hard!""""@bethlhoskins: @realDonaldTrump @MiznerGeek @Macys &amp, you have INCREDIBLE kids!!! By far your best work @realDonaldTrump"" Very nice, thanks.""""@brasicingbras @Macys Donald, ever since I switched over to Trump ties from Macy's I can't stop closing deals!!""  Great!"If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.“Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give UpIf Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera!Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000."""@theguychief_: @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrumpForPresident2016""""""@maathewdavis: Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macy's for Father's Day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned!"" Great.""""@nifkin_juice: @kesjenkins @realDonaldTrump I know exactly what it is... and you're it""  Thanks.""""@StevenSourPatch: @realDonaldTrump 4 President!!!""""""@EdmondddN: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@MiznerGeek: @realDonaldTrump You do have awesome ties. I have several. @Macys""  Thanks.""""@illusiverealm: @realDonaldTrump will be our strongest leader since Reagan"" I agree, thanks!""""@GolfSwingShirt: @realDonaldTrump  I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot.""""""@kesjenkins: If @realDonaldTrump seriously takes a stab at presidency, I will find a way to work on his campaign. Thanks!""""@TheMiniFed: Only man qualified to be president in 2016 is @realdonaldtrump"" Thank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!""""It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand."" - Midas Touch"In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!"""@scratchhandicap: @Trump_Ireland @realDonaldTrump About to check in for 3 days!! Driving in as I type! Course looks amazing!  Enjoy!"In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.“Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” – Rev. @BillyGrahamIt's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for @CapitoforWV!Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.PM @David_Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of England’s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.I can’t believe that Prime Minister @David_Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms."""@EdwinVSuccess @realDonaldTrump is example of how Success is earned!!  Everyday is an opportunity to get after it! ""  Thank you.""""@wwwrvcom @DarrrenRice @realDonaldTrump Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! #wearethepeople""  Thanks.""""@dhesi604 @realDonaldTrump when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome"" 1 year, thanks.""""@dwaters7545 @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful!"" Great, thanks.""""@UK_MikeP @TrumpChicago  saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem."" Thank you""""@FOGzide: @realDonaldTrump knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country."" So true!""""@JGwildcard420: You are truely my hero @realDonaldTrump"" That's great, thanks.".@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!"""@Pearcyyy @realDonaldTrump Even i want you to become the president of the United States and i'm from Britain! #Legend #Trump""  Cute!""""@sluggok @realDonaldTrump Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.It's much appreciated."" My honor, thank you."Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp, did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!"""@token_one  I just finished reading your book ""Think Like A Champion"". Great stuff. Positive thoughts, positive actions."" Thank you."“Be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – Trump Never Give Up"""@TheBigJamesG  staff at Trump Doral was amazing. Made my visit wonderful. Blue course is awesome. Doral as it should be"" Great, thanks.""""@VikesRealist: @realDonaldTrump Is Obama the worst President ever?"" Top of the list!""""@Almendarezzz: I don't know if y'all know it but @realDonaldTrump seriously might be our next president."" We will soon see!""""@sluthoee: I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama!"" True""""@fucksammyy: I want you to be president! @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks.""""@jakester74: @realDonaldTrump you should run instead of just talk about it. you'd probably win."" Remember your words Jake!""""@LindaBales1: ""@gretawire: .@realDonaldTrump just said, ""Mexico is called the highway to the United States"" #BorderCrisis"""" True!""""@BanmalaH: @ProducerGedalia @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump what a timeless classic these two are! Class &amp, Beauty!""  Thank you!""""@Tthac24: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you!""""@Bigbabygoulos: What will make you decide to run for President @realDonaldTrump ? America needs a leader that can guarantee change."It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE“Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed MarkhamThe Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!"""@RealTracyMyers BIG congrats to @realDonaldTrump on your DC hotel ground breaking.""  Thank you.""""@hillerjohn @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @EricTrump 'good looking family.' "" Thank  you.""""@atyra63 @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!""  Great, thanks!""""@ohhellocelo: @realDonaldTrump when you take charge Mr Trump, that's when it's gonna change. #TRUMPforPresident !!!!"""So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!"""@DrDannyDegraff: ""@alaina_danielle: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry""""""@AuthenticBrett: .@realDonaldTrump When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv. #donaldtrump #yourefired"" In the Fall""""@RyanDodd75: Couldn't help but notice how crispy the @realDonaldTrump shirts look at Macy's! #clean"""Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol“Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion"""@SmithToddM @TrumpTowerNY after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking."" Thank you"“Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.” - @MuhammadAliI say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp, play!"""@alaina_danielle: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry""""""@RossBrotherton: @realDonaldTrump You have to run for President in 2016 and save this country! #please #savethiscountry"""Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp, our servicemen. Boycott!  #freeourmarineIt's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi“Winners embrace hard work.” - @ESPNDrLouIran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts."""@britanniagolf @realDonaldTrump Just played Trump International Scotland... Everyone was thrilled. Fantastic golf course!""  Thanks.""""@MargoShear The Donald's going to be saying ""You're Hired"" to lots of people in the District! @wusa9"" True!"Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation."""@LIpokeraddict: @realDonaldTrump please please please run 2016""""""@BackOnTrackUSA. What a dysfunctional Administration when Illegal Aliens get free &amp, better medical care then our Veterans. What a disgrace.""""@CatheMazanowicz: @realDonaldTrump God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Can't wait for the new hotel! Fabulous, as always.""""@seaburbia: @realDonaldTrump @usgsa much like taking over the gov. Ice rink, something will finally get done there as well.""""""@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump creating jobs in Washington DC ~ while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place""""@MSchneble: @realDonaldTrump it's great to see that the Trump name will be in DC""  Thank you.""""@aliciaabel81: @realDonaldTrump Breaking ground in DC today. Trump for President 2016--so much more ground to break! #Trumpforprez"" Thanks!""""@seankesser: @Ross_7_7 @4politics2 @lonepatrick Trump is a winner. EVERYONE knows that.Some LOSERS don't acknowledge it yet follow him""".@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!"""@ShakyStu: @realDonaldTrump @ayrshirepost @TrumpTurnberry Nice move! Worth while investment. Can't wait to see how well it's finished!""""""@jeddprice: @realDonaldTrump Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this."""We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!"""@britanniagolf: @realDonaldTrump Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients.."" Great, #1 rated course, have fun.""""@DragonMamba: @steve_hofmeyr "" You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill""""""@ayrshirepost: @realDonaldTrump reveals plans for all-new spa at @TrumpTurnberry resort. Exclusive interview in today's @ayrshirepost""""""@JACKYRITTLINGER @realDonaldTrump @JustinRose99 was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about course""  Justin is a total winner""""@MelanieNews8: The Donald @realdonaldtrump is in town. Find out why. @NewsChannel8 this morning."""You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston ChurchillThanks @LilJon for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell"“It takes guts to win, fortunately, most people don’t have guts!"" -- Donald J. Trump"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!"""@tquoteseday: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump""""It takes ""guts"" to win!"I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute."Remember the old saying ""The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know"" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge."Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth"""@jakekahen @realDonaldTrump just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty""  Thank you.""""@JoePreni: @realDonaldTrump only you can fix this country. #trumpforpresident""  I agree!".@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.I will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad."""@JenSwannStyle:  Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb, staff fantastic. Thank you. Will always stay Trump now.""""""@BitLegal: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016.""""""@DiveejS: @realDonaldTrump Your hair is magnificent. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise."" What a nice guy!""""@foxesden8: Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New York""  Yes!""""@WorldReachTech: @realDonaldTrump @greta The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises""""""@chunkenberry: .@realDonaldTrump  FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA""  I agree!""""@CarsonMotz: @realDonaldTrump you are my inspiration."" Great, thank you."“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald“Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” - Orson WellesSee yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. -  Think Like a ChampionAlways bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham Lincoln"""@dianepalmer6997 Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent, piper playing outside hotel iconic scene, absolutely marvelous"" Thx""""@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump you are a winner.""  Thank you.""""@Youxia88: @realDonaldTrump @123Jayne Maybe he will ""trump"" the competition.""""@senators8: @realDonaldTrump When's celebrity apprentice starting?""  Just finished shooting - in the Fall.""""@Hasam_A: “@realDonaldTrump: Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi” 👌""""""@MiriamScherm: I love your quotes. They inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. I shall FIGHT until I draw my last breathe.""  Nice.""""@pandoerra: @realDonaldTrump had an incredible day at Trump Bedminster. Bravo Mr. Trump"" Great.""""@123Jayne: That's our President! That's why we need you to run in 2016! I know you would never waste our money! President Trump""""""@SGTROCKUSMC82: @usaf48 5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a worthless website"""Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, &amp, all will be well – Trump Never Give UpProblems are never truly hardships to winners, &amp, if you haven’t got any, then you must not have a business to run.Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince LombardiCongrats to Obama &amp, Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp, program costs extra $700B+.“You can always become better.” - @TigerWoodsIf Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website."""@Continuum9112: Wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life?"" Interesting!""""@TAlcornVan: @realDonaldTrump You got my vote! But please don't make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!""""""@TAlcornVan: @Yung_Sherm @realDonaldTrump I would vote for him! IN a heartbeat!""""@abbeylynnmangus: I'm seeing many tweets about @realDonaldTrump for President. Lets roll with that!""""""@josephangel247: Without Passion you don't have Energy..without Energy you have nothing#Donald Trump""""""@EpicBeardDude: @realDonaldTrump Yes,  please please run for President. And please please make @SarahPalinUSA your running mate. PLEASE""""""@mikeymerciless: Donald Trump for President! @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@kenziewilliams_: DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a f*ucked up nation""""""@TheDougGrant: @realDonaldTrump Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen.""""""@utennjock: @realDonaldTrump please run for President... We need someone to save our country!""""""@SchuetzKatie: Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!! #Donaldtrump #president""""""@Nardokids: @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredible""  Thanks.""""@BenMccormick17: @realDonaldTrump My cousin is getting married at your Club in Mooresville on April 25 2015. Tell them congratulations!"“Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein"""No matter what you're managing, don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum."" - Trump: How to Get Rich"The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm ForbesJohn Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAGLucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAGAgain, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!"""@SciFreitag: @realDonaldTrump: ""I believe in one thing only, the power of human will"" #PresidentTrump2016"""Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin FranklinIt's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert EinsteinMexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarineIran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago"""@ursulacurtin:  @cantget300 Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!""  Cute!""""@cantget300: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!!!!""  Great idea!""""@jomi101: @realDonaldTrump I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!"""Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!"""@DerrickFawley:  Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill”""""""@joella_clements:There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt Tahmooressi Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine""""""""@ThaSugarMaker: @realDonaldTrump It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not...""""""@devhop: @realDonaldTrump they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes."""The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leaderThe new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!"""@HOGdallas: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !!"" Thanks."Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortuneIt is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!"""@JoeSillett: Only followed @realDonaldTrump from across the pond for a couple of weeks, but his use of @twitter is superb. #ManOfThePeople""""""@jimjacobs18: @realDonaldTrump are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? :)"" A very good question!""""@DannyJones1967: @realDonaldTrump trump for presidant! I've waited years for this to happen! #Trumpknowsbest""""""@nucmedman1: @realDonaldTrump our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown.""  True.""""@mattdykstraMIZ: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.""""""@ASRteamMatt: @realDonaldTrump Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.""""@asa_willi8: After watching fox this morning, I'm convinced that @realDonaldTrump should run for President!"" Thanks.""""@JenPinSD: @WSHEMP @realDonaldTrump donald trump for president!"""I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!"""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.""""@meenah83: @realDonaldTrump. Now I really hope u're contesting for that seat in the ""White House"" come 2016.""  Watch!""""@AgusCalo:Every time that somebody ask me about my future I always say: ""I want to be like Donald Trump"". You're such an inspiration""Thanks""""@tahanna: @cs522 @StdyeddyD Mr Trump, even the trolls hang on your every word! They pretend to despise you! Ignore, keep inspiring!"""THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!"""@cs522: @realDonaldTrump @StdyeddyD LOL~ ""Everything in life is luck."" Donald Trump""  I never made this ridiculous statement.""""@jonhinck: Oh @realDonaldTrump, surely if you had been elected president the United States would still reign supreme."" 100% certain!""""@StdyeddyD: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success.""  Work hard!""""@VernaCarre: @realDonaldTrump right move, right time for you. Typical of your intelligence and business sense."" Great timing.""""@bigcorpny: @realDonaldTrump yah AC ended when you stopped loving it!"I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense.  -- Thomas A. EdisonSuccess is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill"""@ShaniquaManning                        @TrumpWaikiki It looks like you've outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful property!""  Thanks!""""""@zraph @realDonaldTrump @PMA1048 Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago!"" Thanks.""""@cwjaccount @MichaelGreen77 @realDonaldTrump  WHY are we sending money to Mexico?  We all know where it will end up."" True--a total waste!"...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief..."""@mrsdurkinmuses  Just asked frequent Las Vegas visitor where to stay.  He said @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks.""""@J58golf @realDonaldTrump Phil Mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with Rich Lerner."" Thanks".@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River"""@Mr_Hawk440: @realDonaldTrump your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ?"" Now that would really work!"Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!"""@RonGreenJr: Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting, great fun. The Donald delivered"""Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster."""@VerumVulnero1: I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about @realDonaldTrump...he builds beautiful buildings."".So true!""""@TBuffT:  @TheNickSutton @theviewtv Hearing Rosie's name makes me nauseous! Seeing her face makes me puke! Cant imagine WATCHING her!""""""@jeff_smith7: @realDonaldTrump Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?""""""@BackOnTrackUSA:We should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer&amp,secure the border"If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problemYou have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert Einstein“Don't fight the problem, decide it.” – General George C. Marshall“You have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – Think Like a Champion“Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give UpMexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp, to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others."""@TheNickSutton How does @realDonaldTrump feel about Rosie back at @theviewtv?"" They are desperate--a short term fix!""""@kyleraccio @realDonaldTrump thank you for fighting for our marine!""  You're welcome.""""@Welles19 2016 = too late. America won't survive another 12 months of this lawless O regime &amp, @gop cowards."" That's what comebacks r about."USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine"""@JeniferStevens @danarigdon Every Trump property I've seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection"" Great, thank you."Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp, stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S..@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp, inappropriate."""@KaelaDianne97: The only way to fix our country's mess is @realDonaldTrump for president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!""""@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully after 6 years, you still have it in you. A vote for Trump, is a vote for a champion."" Thanks"The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!"""@L0RDG4G4: @realDonaldTrump Rosie back on @theviewtv ? What do you think about that, Mr. Trump?"" She will self destruct, as she always does""Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have ""it""""""@ErikEstrada:  @MikeMcLeod14 Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias""""""@userback: @realDonaldTrump @IMill5 What do you say Donald? Run for President???""""""@seaopdet1: Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!""""""@txblondegrad: @realDonaldTrump @IMill5 I'd vote for Trump in a heartbeat. No question."" Good decision.""""@IMill5: Why can't @realDonaldTrump run our country? The man knows his stuff!!""""""@reginafrye69: @realDonaldTrump Thankyou for supporting our #MarineHeldinMexico #FREEOURMARINE Yes #Obama could do something""""""@ry_connolly: @realDonaldTrump telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing #legend""""""@Scalplock: @realDonaldTrump says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed. #tcot #PJNET""""""@linnie13: @realDonaldTrump Very good points made tonight on Greta.""""""@TBuffT: @realDonaldTrump on @gretawire ""When was the last time something positive has happened in this country?"" Hmmmm....So true""""""@MikeMcLeod14: @realDonaldTrump You were great on Greta tonite. Thanks.""""@JDMixon: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100%"" Thanks.""""@awlove4ever: After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.""""@twins44: @realDonaldTrump I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you. #trumprules""""""@swraley: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate #trumpera"" True.""""@kennymchardy  visited Balmedie yesterday for @TaylorMadeTour day, fantastic course! Will need to go back for full 18""  Thanks Kenny""""@PhilStephen @JustinRose99 @realDonaldTrump sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go...""  Thanks Phil.""""@daveforsyth67 @JustinRose99 @TrumpScotland Best layout I've ever played!"" Thanks David, so nice.""""@JustinRose99 Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing."" Thanks Justin, play well this week.""""@tedbishop38pga The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose, J Walker, Phil and Rory all loving it ""Majorly"" Thx Ted, enjoy!"Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!"""@sperzelgal @realDonaldTrump thanks for your inspiration keeping things real""  Thank  you."“As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil YoungThere is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarineWe should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?"""@noelill: @TMZLive They should get @rosie and @realDonaldTrump on @theviewtv I would watch it everyday."" Cute!""""@GoodGuyKuchar: Keep fighting for the #American flag @realDonaldTrump!"" I will!""""@johnathonm: @realDonaldTrump @nsaidian already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago"" USA NEXT!""""@TweetMyJobs: ""In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish."" - Donald Trump""""""@DaBostonFan: @realDonaldTrump if you were in office you would do everything right."" True.""""@ThatTangoRhythm: @realDonaldTrump have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016""""""@The_Glansberg: @realDonaldTrump for Prez!""""""@_MikeSSmith: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in 2016."" Thanks.""""@beuka23 @realDonaldTrump recently stayed in your hotel in Vegas...it's beautiful my wife and I loved our stay!!""  Great, thanks."“Set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a ChampionThank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp,I Best Modern Course  -- A great honor!Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shirts @Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!"""Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected."" -- Steve Jobs"“Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give UpOur country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!"""@DatDudeHead: We've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. Calling President Trump""""""@chargermike41:  @BackOnTrackUSA wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?""""""@BackOnTrackUSA:Imagine how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens&amp,gives them free ObamaCare""""""@MarkCannizzaro: Just played @realDonaldTrump's Scotland course. Verdict: Fantastic. Dispelled all biased anti-Donald chatter I'd heard.""""""@MarkCannizzaro: If you r lucky enough to play Trump Aberdeen Scotland make sure you get @dbeattie53 to loop for you. #bestcaddieinthebarn""""""@DumbRandy: God bless you @realDonaldTrump #bestinTheBusiness""""""@FSMalang: ""Show me a man without an ego and I'll show you a loser"" - Donald Trump""""""@workwithKG: ""Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing"". - Donald Trump - So very true!"“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald ReaganObama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”"""@Mashawwwws They say read a book it'll make you smarter. I say read a book by @realDonaldTrump and you become more intelligent."" Thanks.""""@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump"""Buy at the point of maximum pessimism, sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton"""@CarrGaz @realdonaldtrump believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world.""  True, easy.""""@meander2011 Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic...""  I will!""""@k940creed: @realDonaldTrump saw the #trump building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!""""""@stutskey: Thanks @realDonaldTrump for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas""""""@dgeurtt: Reading #ThinkLikeAChampion by @realDonaldTrump - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump"" Thank you.""""@Halesy74: Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!""""""@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump Great way to start Monday today D, tellin' it like it is.. We need somebody in office like...um... YOU?""""""@Atlanta_Event: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump""""""@Manruss: @realDonaldTrump @BackOnTrackUSA It was ""helping"" Iraq that caused this problem in the first place.""""""@your_cousin: @realDonaldTrump only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country #1 again. Trump 2016""  I agree!""""@BackOnTrackUSA: @realDonaldTrump And we shouldn't help Iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil, guaranteed in writing.""""""@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump Typical, I bet the Dems will ""surrender"" the oil over to the Russians &amp, Chinese as payment for our debts, etc.""""@AdelBMoufarrej: Mr. Trump, you are avoiding the responsibility of running for President since the nineties. Be patriotic and run.."" Watch!""""@automobilelens: If ""The Donald"" were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!""""""@kornegay_danna: We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me"""Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.Happy 4th of July to everyone,  including the haters and losers!"""@MadinahTamer: Please run for president this country needs true leadership @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you."Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq"""@kingcamsmith: @realDonaldTrump please run in '16 Kentucky is ready to support you!!"" Thanks."Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- Abraham LincolnTo be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson"""If you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency."" - Think Like a Champion"".@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course""  Thank you.""""@TV_BD @realDonaldTrump what's the best advice to be successful in business?"" Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.""""@Cannestrader74  I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you."" Great, thx"".@FoxNews - ""Objectified"" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!""""@CaledonianGolf: Also good to see @realDonaldTrump not being drawn into independence debate. Either way, Trump Turnberry is a winner."""I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMagThere's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."""@HeartSurvivor07: @realDonaldTrump Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can. #businessgenius""""""@zakspace11: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome""""""@michelleazulll: “@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.”""""""@billkellyemail: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!""""@bahia6085: @OFFICIAL_YL @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork @TrumpToronto What's there to debate?""""""@stevesipress: RT @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, nobody  else will!""""@jenna_w: My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks""""@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!"" The Art of the Deal"""Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,  Scotland time. The place is amazing!"""@billkellyemail:  @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!"""Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.  Muhammad Ali"""@DISTRICTLAND14 @realDonaldTrump We know a fourth-grader who thinks he's the next Trump!""  Tell him to work hard!""""@HeyWNY @The_Open  let's get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral"" Thanks""""@AdamWebz Can't wait to get to play @TrumpTurnberry...been on my list for a long time.  Awesome job""  Thanks--you will love it!""""@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about @WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!"" The Art of the Deal""""@MatthewJEllis2                       BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation's capital. Sir well done"" Thanks""""@ashleyheerding My favorite sky scraper in New York so far has definitely been Trump Tower. Such a classy &amp, timeless design. Great job"" Thx"Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem."""I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance."" Steve Jobs""""@retog_rick @TrumpTurnberry Congratulations!  Great feat accomplished.  Well done, can't wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue"" Thx""""@starlight10: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland You should run for President of USA!""""""@DouglasSeacat1: Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds?"" So true!"Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicago’s sign to my other properties, including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending."""@wrcosentino @TrumpTowerNY was there for the 1st time last week, beautiful bldg inside too!!""  Thanks.""""Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time."" - Think Like a Champion""""@SPE_Mike @realDonaldTrump I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!""  Thank you.""""@steamboatgal8: @realDonaldTrump Your my fav for 2016"" Thanks.""""@phemale61: @MattBinder @realDonaldTrump Run Trump Run!!""""""@AveryChasten: @realDonaldTrump If not you, then who? #2016 #nooptions""""""@redslightning: @realDonaldTrump country needs the right person for the job there's only one! trump 2016"" Thanks.""""@Tehouchins: @realDonaldTrump Then PLEASE run for president!""""""@KyleWeaverr: @realDonaldTrump When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? I'm going through withdrawal! #soonplease""  Soon!""""@GreggScharin: We need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will! #TrumpCarson""""""@THENobodySpcl: @realDonaldTrump but can you get him to stop sucking at his job?""  That would be, sadly, impossible."Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't."""@dmolesevich: @realDonaldTrump you are the only person that can beat Hillary""  Many are saying that, interesting!""""@MitchConnor4: @realDonaldTrump after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president!"" It was fun, thanks.""""@DAmicoJ03: I can't understand people who dont like @realDonaldTrump .. Must be because he's got everything anyone wishes they had."" Thanks""""@MSantiago70: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! Your the only one for the job""""""@onlinebizxpress: We LOVE your business updates and insights. Don't waste your energy on politics. Business is where you shine.""""""@dmolesevich: I know who I'd endorse and give my money In a heartbeat and that's @realDonaldTrump please run!""  Thank you.""""@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump Another masterpiece Donald!"""I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEGAsk yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you."""@PIERPAOLOMONNI  Welcome back in Europe @realDonaldTrump! #Barcelona #Europe""  Thank you."Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack WelchOur Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!After these spirited primaries are over, @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obama’s agenda.Someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so, I told you so....In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element...Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp, big investment I'll make. Very exciting!“Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners.”  -- @CoachJoeGibbsIt’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran."""@_Meagann: @realDonaldTrump will we see Celebrity Apprentice again soon? I love that show!"" Yes, just finished shooting.""""@GeneralGCuster: @realDonaldTrump @Surajlalla  It's time to start your political career. The people want you to run.""""""@vfroe: // I'm over 70 and have never seen such , arrogance, incompetence and Ill -intentions as this President and his aids.""""@Surajlalla: “@realDonaldTrump: ""Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To""""""@TAGIII: @realDonaldTrump @mfinale1 Explain why BHO rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a Mexican jail?""""""@BenTrolling: I truly think @Forbes underestimates @realDonaldTrump's actual net worth"" That's true, and they do it knowingly - who cares!""""@KPPhotography38:  Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago. #trumpforpresident""""""@ProfilesChatter: @realDonaldTrump @wftragni If Trump can control his crazy, then it's a go . He can make the U.S. great again.""Is no crazy"Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!"""@HearUsNowUSA1: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!!"" Thanks!”""""@GrecoCh I love how my kids know who @realDonaldTrump is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian. # NothingWrongWithThat""""""@sonnyhhunter: @realDonaldTrump just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it &amp, the beautiful building it's on. Well done.""""""@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump Quote: ""Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To""""""""@GZervs: All I want for my birthday is for @realDonaldTrump to wish me a happy birthday!""  Happy birthday.""""@BenTrolling: @realDonaldTrump @Wil_Johnson1 You are a king maker Don!"" True!""""@rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip.  I love seeing the Trump name!!"" Thanks!"Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain"""@wftragni:  @realDonaldTrump to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate."""“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs"""@AStock1058  looking to open my own businesses. Any advice you can give on that subject?"" Find something you love doing--&amp, never give up!"The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!"""@brendakenesonwe @NYDailyNews: I've done hair since I was 14, that's real not a rug!"" True, thanks (but they know it--dishonest press)""""@BlutoGrandex Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them"" Interesting!"I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong, he is smart &amp, he wants things to change in Washington.Great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ"""@AziziJoe_7: @realDonaldTrump go for it Sir!!!"" Just watch!""""@SoyerJanis: DonaldTrump @InTheElections @NYDailyNews Please don't mess with us again, please run &amp, don't change your mind. We need you""""""@InTheElections: @TheRealHOodRept @realDonaldTrump The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution."" So true!""""@KevinHite: @realDonaldTrump Im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re: Seth Meyer. Terrible &amp, feel embarrassed for him. Awkward!""""@InTheElections:  @NYDailyNews It seems democrats are incapable of honesty, especially where you are concerned, afraid of you. TRUMP 2016!""""""@SoyerJanis:  @gretawire I wish @realDonaldTrump would run 4 President, we NEED HIM! if he cares enough about this Country he will run.""""""@dexcaliber:  I have to confess, I think the Mr. Trump would have been a much better President then this fool we hav in office now.""""""@DonCaasi: ""@realDonaldTrump: Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag""""""""@D The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge"""Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMagIt’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!"""@jimrcottage @timbdickson @realDonaldTrump @sternshow He was on Howard Stern last week.  Awesome interview!"" Thank you.""""@ProVentures Excited to hear what Trump has in store for #Turnberry. If anything like @TrumpDoral we are in for a treat!"" It will be great!"The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying, said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp, then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?"Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about ""human rights problems"" and this as everything is being blown up around him""""@nikkio: DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their ""must visit"" list.""""""@gabtrojan: @realDonaldTrump surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!""  Would make U.S. great again!""""@MorganssCool: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! You're a great man!""""@Lorde_Erc: Wish I had hair like @realDonaldTrump"" Great taste!".@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!"""@algiers4: @realDonaldTrump @Reinosooo YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!""""""@AKD72: @realDonaldTrump I bet you will make hell of a president,  the world needs presidents like you""""""@mrkhanm87: Everyone wants to be Donald Trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work.""""""@MissionH0tr0d: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! #2016"" Thanks.""""@Reinosooo: @realDonaldTrump are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you.""  Thank you.""""@wftragni: @realDonaldTrump for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald!"" True."I will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about, enjoy!"""@dsmerza: Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations, since I was a teenager. I am a small business owner.""""""@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump Donald you're the man""  Thanks!""""@AboutTheRock: @realDonaldTrump I just started reading Trump 101 it's a great book Mr.Trump."" Terrific!""""@AboutTheRock: Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump.""  Thank you, work hard and smart.""""@jacquelynileneh: RT @teamhealthnut: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit.""  I agree!""""@DarkPig2: @Anggitalestari1 @realDonaldTrump America and the world needs a smart strong,patriotic leader,Mr Trump is that man."" I agree!""""@DustinDeMoss: @realDonaldTrump I disagree with you on A LOT of things but you're spot on on the 5."" Well finally!""""@moflatley: Were likely paid w/ public funds for original services, now likely to get nearly half of settlement....#doubledipping""""""@CoreyKotowski: @realDonaldTrump they are laughing on their way to the bank.""""""@jmagiera: @realDonaldTrump right on, donald! your tweets on the Cent. Park 5 are the truth!""""""@RiskyLiberal: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you are the smartest man ever, and the most visionary!""  Thanks!""I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their ""clients"""How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid  by the City (or both)?N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!"""@BROONEYBROONEY: @realDonaldTrump love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!""""@abdulmalikm103: @realDonaldTrump @WhiteShaunwhite Donald Trump will serve a Positive Government if Elected president.""""""@nyrr: #Queens10k #funfact: Former Queens residents include @realDonaldTrump Martin Scorsese @JuddApatow and Nancy Reagan!""  Great place!""""@Rhumeey: @realDonaldTrump. Bluntness is thy name oh Donald Trump!.....you call it as it is, regardless whose ox is gored.""""""@tx_shaun @realDonaldTrump I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign, he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him""""@WhiteShaunwhite  I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President""""@jperk1: @realDonaldTrump Goldberger was a loser""  True, really bad taste - but he's gone now!"I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!"""@Natasha_tut13: @realDonaldTrump  I like to read your tweets and I am delighted with you, intelligent, decent, strong man!""  Thanks.""""@replicatemedia: Mr Trump, You were Excellent on Howard Stern! It is time that America is Rebuilt on a Renewed Foundation of Capitalism!""""""@Lady_Laurettina: @realDonaldTrump I admire you so much! :)""  Thanks.""""@oddi_donovan_99: You're a big thinker, and one of a kind... go for President of USA @realDonaldTrump .""""@HouseMusicTV: You were amazing on @HowardStern last week, WELL DONE, you have our vote, for what ever ! @realDonaldTrump""""""@_MHall:  Flew through LGA on Friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. To bad LGA is such a dump. Not a great welcome to NYC""""""@ashk @realDonaldTrump I'm in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model""""""@cliffwf: @realDonaldTrump love the sign in Chicago. Its got class.""""""@chiefsnation25: @realDonaldTrump I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on @sternshow""""@MissSariBrooke @realDonaldTrump I'm going to Chicago next week and I'm def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign! #chicago #trumpsign""""@BrianGirardot: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim Greatest sign in all of Illinois!!!""""""@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump It even lights up?? That's so HOT #Bestchicagosign""""""@sdnc13: @realDonaldTrump when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it!!!""  Thanks.""""@konk65: @realDonaldTrump great visit on Howard Stern this week. I can't wait for your next visit! @sternshow""""@TFleming11: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim Lived in Chicago all my life. Sign looks great!"" Thanks.""""@katiemacla: @realDonaldTrump @jijassim One of the best hotel stays I've ever had in the world. Superb, all around! #bravo #chicagosbest""""""@ipod_jay: @realDonaldTrump @carlideibel7 You'll make a great president"" Thanks.""""@DavidKobzeff1: @realDonaldTrump can you please be Obamas replacement"" Interesting way of putting it!""""@hockey_brenna13: Listening to @realDonaldTrump on the Howard Stern Show....what a guy!"" @sternshow""""@jazminvgarcia: I am seriously afraid for our country. People don't realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction. @realDonaldTrump""""""@zglittergirl: @lisa6654 @shellipep @realDonaldTrump ppl tweeted him &amp, begged him not to cast her. I wont watch this season."" Yes you will!""""@scott23youmans: If you run, I will vote for you. If you don't, shame on you.  Be cool!""""@splashmediabstn: @realDonaldTrump I love the sign!""""@jimrcottage: @realDonaldTrump  @sternshow Mr. Trump you were witty, respectful, entertaining and as Howard said just a down to earth guy!""""""@wisegirlsrule: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!""""""@carlideibel7: @realDonaldTrump Run for president""  Thanks Carli.""""@Helpful_Karen:T R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com/Chicago/ @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump Great job!""""@Domeski1981: @GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks @realDonaldTrump what a place mate. Loved it.""""""@jdmcc: I feel weird ab it but @realDonaldTrump was on @HowardStern this morn &amp, I surprisingly liked him a lot. Dudes got his shiz together""Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called ""leader"""“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire“Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones"""@tomhovland1: @realDonaldTrump @Poppawub No one else can beat Hillary except you D. Trump !""  I agree!""""@TrumpChicago: Great to hear! “@GolfTravelerBOS: @realDonaldTrump My wife is at @TrumpChicago right now and loving her room. Top notch”""""""@krdevine: @realDonaldTrump very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues?""  It will be GREAT!""""@Poppawub: People please! Although I would support Trump, he will never run for President (fact), why would he ever be so stupid!""Just wait""""@Gunny44: @realDonaldTrump @CarrollGroupCHI @TrumpChicago classic lettering gives it a good classy feel""  Thanks.""""@Gil_Delgado: @realDonaldTrump - We just spent 3 nights &amp, golfed at your Aberdeen Scotland resort and loved everything! Great!""""@Mike_Sherwood03: I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work!"" Thanks.""""@RonKarkoviceFF Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline!"" Thanks!"I actually enjoyed the piece re sign @TheDailyShow. Could it be that I’m starting to like Jon Stewart?"""@cycick   Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!""Thanks.""""@uconncrazy @realDonaldTrump Great to hear you on @sternshow. Your honesty is refreshing."" Thank you.""""@adamwebb_uk '@PrimeMinisterSX  incompetence should not be rewarded.'  You gotta love DT he does call a spade a spade #honesty""""""@gootecks @PrimeMinisterSX agreed, St Maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises"" She's incompetent.""""@aj3fla @realDonaldTrump great job on @HowardStern this week. Always the best radio with the two of you.""  Thank you.".@PrimeMinisterSX has no clue what’s going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus“Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – Think BigPM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @PrimeMinisterSXMullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. @PrimeMinisterSX  should be ashamed for allowing this.Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. @PrimeMinisterSX"""@jlk5253 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy, just like everything you do."" Thank you."Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our country’s factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongressWill the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great support."""@JoRoseM: Ryan tries to portray himself as a young Donald Trump. No one can be Trump. Sorry bud. @realDonaldTrump #MDLNY""""""May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't"" --General George S. Patton""""@Tbaldwin510Todd: @realDonaldTrump @bfc0312 I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!""""""@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait for the new season of @ApprenticeNBC U R MY FAV TV STAR""  Thank you.""""@wRiTeItNoW_: Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watch @Joan_Rivers on the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!""""""@bfc0312: @realDonaldTrump please stay active on Twitter when you are President!"" Really cute!""""@BackOnTrackUSA:Not only is America not leading in the world anymore, under Obama America is destabilizing the world &amp, making it dangerous.""""@attaanago: Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump ....best show ever!!!""  Thank you.""""@JohnnyObots: @realDonaldTrump Will you PLEASE run for President. We need a ""REAL LEADER"""" Thanks.""""@iamkeysersoze: I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold, but classy. What’s wrong with #knuckleheadsinthemedia""""""@muzic Mr. Trump. I am a huge fan. I have all of your books and think you are a true genius. When will you run for president sir? Watch!""""@EmilyJeffrie @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago you know the meaning of class, luxury, and the pursuit of the American dream! #winner! Thanks""""@myjr54: @realDonaldTrump run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.""""""@james_dodenc: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America.......""""""@Pearls_n_Bows: ""@realDonaldTrump: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.""""""""@keyboardbrian: @realDonaldTrump Being the Donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!"""AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader."""@nikkio Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them.""  Thanks!""""@clarkr3000  Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!""  Thank you.""""@KPPhotography38 @TheDailyShow  I'm on a flight heading to Chicago and I'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign."" Great, thanks!""""@Kennokevin: @realDonaldTrump After the pics i've seen, the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago.""""""@aj_baldwin: @HowardStern Today's show was fantastic! @realDonaldTrump was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless.""""""@JamesPDonahue1: @HowardStern @Tedd474 @realDonaldTrump another amazing and solid #SiriusXM appearance from #DonaldTrump""""""@CatheMazanowicz: We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list....""  Great!""""@StephenGrubba: @realDonaldTrump You were great today on @HowardStern. Hope you buy the @buffalobills.""""@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident""""""@PIERPAOLOMONNI @realDonaldTrump It is perfect! Congratulations on this fantastic job!  @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicago""Thank you."I was right—TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People don’t want to look at a burned out, ugly course!"""@BC4040  @TrumpChicago Looks Great! @ night, I saw it Saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too!""  Great, thanks!""""@newhopenchange @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicago - nicely done, it's a magnificent sign."" Thank you!"“No one remembers who came in second.” – Walter HagenWith our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him."""@ALennemann650 @realDonaldTrump Great Interview on @sternshow #Trump""  Thank you.""""@DavidGinsburg Once again, @realDonaldTrump kills on the @SternShow. Trump/@rqui ticket in 2016! :)""  Thanks!""""@BobLafleur1 @realDonaldTrump good job on @HowardStern you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show!""  Thank you.""""@git921 @realDonaldTrump Loved you on @howardstern. Need to hear your brackets on a daily basis"" @sternshow  Great, thank you.""""@kaylorcc @realDonaldTrump loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say.""  Thank you. @sternshow""""@BKearnss Haha gotta love listening to @realDonaldTrump on @sternshow .. says exactly what he's thinking lol""  True, thanks.""""@dalstar009 @realDonaldTrump needs to call into the @sternshow more often!!!"" Thanks.""""@CarrGaz Trump completes his takeover of Turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. Full story in tomorrow's Carrick Gazette""  Great.""""@top40mogul There is never enough Trump on @sternshow! Why not have him on the phone at least once per month? @HowardStern"" Thanks!""""@paigekblake  Of all the places I've stayed in Oahu, Trump International is the best! #greatservice #besthotel #awesomestaff #luxury"" Thx!""""@DavidGordonJr: Tower in Chicago is beautiful, the ""name"" is the only sign of success they've had in years... jealousy for sure!""""""@user33131: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@1more77: @realDonaldTrump incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!""""""@4TheTruth2012: @realDonaldTrump @DamnitJustin Outstanding beautiful building for sure!""""""@tojo413:  Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin' building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin' sign too @RahmEmanuel""""""@stargazer3141: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! Our country needs you to fix this mess!""""""@AveGratiaPlena: @realDonaldTrump I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too.""""""@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident""""""@thewoods575: I would rather read @realDonaldTrump tweets than hear Obama lie #tweetthetruth vs #lierlier""""""@DamnitJustin: @realDonaldTrump just saw Trump Tower in Chicago. It looks great.""""@AlexDub182821: @realDonaldTrump great stuff on Howard today! Now call up Jim Kelly and get that Buffalo Bills deal done!""""""@natalieccook @realDonaldTrump the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.""""@MFBrooklyn: @realDonaldTrump everything u touch turns to gold I need to bump into u!""  Work hard!""""@HolzMDK: @realDonaldTrump @DannyBOiling trump for president""""""@AlexDub182821: @realDonaldTrump Couldn't agree more about Seth Meyers"" He wss not meant for television - very sad!""""@Kelliejo2013: Your tweets are so entertaining!!! And Pinehurst DID look like cow shit! Dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. Geeeezzzz""""""@JLW2380: @sternshow I love when @realDonaldTrump comes on. He is so refreshingly honest. #greatguest""""""@DonnieHoward2: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Democrat and I'd vote for you in a second."" Thanks.""""@th4tk1dryan: @realDonaldTrump brought up a lot of good points on @sternshow this morning, I really hope he runs for president""""""@jackhennessy12: @realDonaldTrump look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg?"" True!""""@KPPhotography38 @HowardStern when Donald runs for President he will have my vote! I'll even campaign for him #TrumpForPresident""  Thanks""""@johnstockwell: Another great appearance by @realDonaldTrump on @HowardStern! Hope to catch a replay on the drive home.""""""@JohnMarsicano: @realDonaldTrump on @sternshow was certainly an entertaining start to my morning.""  Good!""""@_MelissaAmy: I don't know, @realDonaldTrump was making a lot of sense this AM @sternshow great interview @HowardStern""""""@jrmarsy: @realDonaldTrump do u think the republicans will force the ""lost emails"" to be found?"" No, it is not in them!""""@Mumbles06: @realDonaldTrump Geat hearing you on Howard Stern, you should run for President.""""""@grapewhiskey: @sternshow  Can't believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him and @HowardStern go back&amp,forth is good radio simple as that!""""""@PurkisMark: @realDonaldTrump I heard your interview on @HowardStern I enjoyed every second of it. #RadioGold"" Thanks.""""@1more77: @realDonaldTrump incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!""""""@Mhennessh: @realDonaldTrump I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!!"" Thanks.""""@trcyhwlls: @realDonaldTrump I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real!"" Thanks."I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!"""@LaytonJPalmer: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016 is the only way to go!""""""@CROMO__: It would be amazing to see @realDonaldTrump run for president. I would vote for him with the quickness. #Trump2016"""It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!"""@alvisefranz: Italian people support @realDonaldTrump for 2016 president.""""@paranormalfact: @stevenharlow85  Donald know's business. Screw politics we need someone who doesn't care about  Politics for once.#Trump""""""@AboutTheRock: We need @realDonaldTrump to run for President in 2016!""""""@bloopcrew: #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump we want TrumpCare and a president who has proof he is a real American""""""@BLCKMSSH: @realDonaldTrump I'M VOTING FOR YOU IN 2016 💯""""""@paranormalfact: @realDonaldTrump  If you run #2016 I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesn't Care.#TrumpForPresident""""""@jwpros: If @realDonaldTrump can build such a successful business,imagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president!"" TRUE!""""@DannyBOiling: @realDonaldTrump if you were president, how many jobs could you create in 4 years?"" More than ever before!""""@LisaNoelBryson: @realDonaldTrump We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!""""""@LifeVibeVision: @realDonaldTrump @paranormalfact How about you look inside - because truthfully, you're the solution.""""@5dragons: @realDonaldTrump @stevenowell ( Pinehurst) Was a great looking dust bowl.""""""@aollom864: @realDonaldTrump Are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in Iraq?"" No,  due  to a weak and incompetent U.S. Govt.""""@mxk0dy: @realDonaldTrump for president! Please mr trump 🙏""""""@jerr209: @realDonaldTrump you sir, you are my idol. Wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you.""  Work hard.""""@paranormalfact: @realDonaldTrump We need someone like you in Office who knows how to get this country out of debt #TrumpForPresident"" Easy""""@FlightAJ: Hey @realDonaldTrump what is your view on George Bush?"" He got us into Iraq instead of making America great again. Not good!""""@Mark_quoted: @realDonaldTrump reading Think Big and can't help but wonder why you ain't president yet?""  Well, now is when we most need it""""@hunterstiehler: @realDonaldTrump you have the type of business mind we need in office! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016""""""@stevenowell: @realDonaldTrump don't normally agree with you but it  (Pinehurst)  looked like an absolute dump.""""""@mindgone222: @realDonaldTrump @jry227 People just want to mess with you because you're you. It's your building. F them.""""""@Lady_Rin_Kelly: @realDonaldTrump, I love the sign! Please let's make a hashtag, that seems like it solves all world problems.""""""@adhowe5: I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great! @realDonaldTrump""""""@TheBrazilTrader: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE THE SIGN""""""@Platinumevent: @realDonaldTrump the only problem with the #Trump sign in #Chicago are the people complaining about it!""""""@tttmon: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl.""  Thank you, my great honor!""""@DonDraper_NY: .@Gotham @ConradHiltonNY @RachelMenkenNY @WaldorfNYC I read @realDonaldTrump, He's smartest man around, a @BonaFideMadMen✔""""""@nicrob650: @realDonaldTrump playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Can't wait... Bucket list courses!"" Have fun.""""@GTman1988: @realDonaldTrump please buy Pinehurst next!""  And fix it - make it beautiful again!""""@KarenHaywood3: @realDonaldTrump Beautiful!""""""@jry227:  I have lived in Chicago my whole life, love the sign. It brings class to the River. Don't know what the big deal is!""""""@hufseyg: Got to see the new 'Trump' letters on @realDonaldTrump Chicago skyscraper. Looks amazing""""""@bigD921: @realDonaldTrump @jrnicholas8 I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term""""""@jrnicholas8: Love the ""Trump"" in Chicago. Those who don't like it are jealous! Capitalism is where it's at! We need more signs like it!"""I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!"""@adamjannke: @realDonaldTrump went to Doonbeg last year, loved it!""""""@joebud123: @realDonaldTrump Which one of your books should I read first?"" The Art of the Deal""""@DeeHogan21: @realDonaldTrump along with @DoonbegLodge ...heaven on earth""""""@BackOnTrackUSA:  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.""""""@BackOnTrackUSA These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria &amp, have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster""""@Waldrop15w: @Kenny_Wallace @realDonaldTrump Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem"" Our leaders are stupid!"Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?"""Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you."" - Vince Lombardi"Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly."""@mjb7: @realDonaldTrump . Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..""I will be running for President"". #TrumpForPresident""""@Theramenes:  Get @realDonaldTrump into WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.""""""@odonnelltw: @realDonaldTrump Pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!"""Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 - 2 minutes."""@NeecieMarie: @realDonaldTrump I concur~ Your children are indeed exemplary~ grace, &amp, poise~ well done, &amp, #HappyFathersDay Sir."" Thanks.""""@JoshBurrnett: If Hilary Clinton runs for office. @realDonaldTrump HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada""""""@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.""""""@thespinepillow: @realDonaldTrump please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.""""""@JeniferStevens:  Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best""""""@peterkleschen:  @CharlieMaikis Pineworst #2 is a number two alright, a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?""""""@magnumCJ: @realDonaldTrump told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course.""  So true!""""@DeannaSpillyard: Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!""""""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump We need Trump 1) in the NFL, 2) in the Oval Office, and 3) on his own reality show."" Cute!""""@quotedojo: A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation. ~Donald Trump""""""@gja360: @realDonaldTrump I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration!""  Thanks.""""@troytreanor: @shanebacon which got more viewers: final round of @usopengolf or @realDonaldTrump tweets about the course?""  Trump!""""@SurayaZayn: @realDonaldTrump i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational, Sir.  Thank You."Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!"Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA"" Great playing from beginning to end!""""@benSEXT0N: @Cfeetsrevenge @LukeDonald @realDonaldTrump course didn't look good in HD just saying""  No, it looked terrible, bad for golf!""""@TedatACA: I concur with @realDonaldTrump on Pinehurst. IMO: Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.""""@ichicagoscott: @realDonaldTrump it was nice of you to give @MattGinellaGC 15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had.""  I agree!""""@welsh @realDonaldTrump you have made some great courses, but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!"@MattGinellaGC   Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?"""@ic @MattGinellaGC stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10,000 times more successful than you.""""""@GolferMatt23: @realDonaldTrump Are the @MasterCard commercials filmed at Trump National LA?""  Yes.""""@matthewhkurth: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.""""@ZackAlcorn: @mikehyland21 @realDonaldTrump @aec4444 big time. I love Trump Bedminster""""""@g3stover: @MattGinellaGC is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with @realDonaldTrump""  I can beat him in golf even easier!"@MattGinellaGC  Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!"""@rink914: @IanJamesPoulter  Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch""""""@CharlieMaikis: @realDonaldTrump I completely agree with DT here. Pinehurst looks bad. I wouldn't pay $400 to play if it looked like that.""""""@vmisciagna: @realDonaldTrump I've played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course""""""@jeffokrina: @CBSSports @EyeOnGolf @realDonaldTrump: I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! I'll take the beauty of Pebble any day!""""""@ClarkSmidt: Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses, please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our Country.""""""@aec4444: @realDonaldTrump I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.""  Thank you &amp, true"@MattGinellaGCSadly Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst@MattGinellaGC  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league@MattGinellaGC  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!"Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be ""redone""""""@Mikeyy84: @realDonaldTrump very subdue atmosphere. Not take it away from Kaymer but it's like watching paint dry #USOpen #anticlimax""""""@aec4444: @realDonaldTrump please don't let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst.""  I won't!""""@Robert_W_GA: @realDonaldTrump they think the course should be ""old school"", you know, like ""before lawn care technology"" aka goats!"""I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!"""@foossh:@GolfDigestMag @realDonaldTrump he has a point, fairways should be green. Scruff can be as bad as you want. Wouldn't pay top dollar""""@MomMom: Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald!"" Thanks""""@epowell88:  Worked @ restaurant for 33 yrs &amp, got fired because they didn't think I could keep up. No severance! Would u do that?"" NO WAY!""""@MarkMoreland: It's worse for @PinehurstResort. I know I wouldn't pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course.""""""@timgerzabek: @realDonaldTrump @GolfDigestMag I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open""""""@jshamie:  @GolfDigestMag couldn't agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!"""@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned..@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day."""@zp_3: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work!"" A great place, thanks.""""@edcloud9: No one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. But one @realDonaldTrump can! 2016! HappyBirthday!""""@jsimonwc: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC who cares what it looks like! Pros aren't complaining."" Yes they are, just ask Bubba (&amp, viewers)""""@rgb0y: @realDonaldTrump happy birthday sir! Nothing but respect for what you've accomplished.""  Thanks.""""@Kirby_Weasley: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive.""  Thanks.""""@SKMcCrty: Happy Birthday, Mr. @realDonaldTrump, you have been a great mentor in my life! #teamskm""Thanks Stephen""""@noahhoch: Happy birthday to @realDonaldTrump the wisest man in the US. #2016""  Thanks.""""@CareyTim6: Happy birthday to @realDonaldTrump, the man we need to lead us in the future. #Trump2016""  Thank you.""""@AAndreakis: @realDonaldTrump Happy B-Day Mr. Trump, you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! May God Bless You Mr. T!""""@seancourt: @realDonaldTrump we need a great leader like @realDonaldTrump to take this country where it belongs""""""@dcolon2112: All hate'n T This was my tweet ""Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course Looks awful""""""""@KenBlalock: I'm with @realDonaldTrump. #Pinehurst looks like Muni. &amp, until we run out of H2O? Would pay $400 2 play that?"" No.""""@der_karsten: @realDonaldTrump Happy birthday to the best businessman in the world""  Thank you.""""@jwkeen: Happy Birthday to The Donald @realDonaldTrump. It will take men like him to make the USA great again. #2016."" Thanks.""""@jsimonwc: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump Built for golf. Not built for TV."" That is true because it looks horrible on T.V.  SAD!".@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp, sign PR"""@PGongola: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC I THINK PINEHURST IS UGLY.""""""@ChristianL2499: @realDonaldTrump You're the man Mr. Trump! #DonaldTrump2016"" Thanks.".@MattGinellaGC  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!"""@dcolon2112: @RAW1183 It was my comment not @realdonaldtrump I've played on nicer par 3 courses than #USOpen"""".@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,""awful"", was not made by me but tweeted to me"".@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt, the NEW ""Blue Monster"" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp, Trump Aberdeen blow it away!""""@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump happy birthday Donald! Thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is""""""@keegster51: HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my idol @realDonaldTrump! I hope one day to be as successful as you! #TRUMP2016""  Work hard!""""@felberjosh: Happy #Birthday to an awesome business icon! Read my first Trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. Thanks.""""@phagan2: @realDonaldTrump your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back #1""  It can be done.""""@DougHutchins77: @realDonaldTrump The world just won't be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House.""""""@DbigRock34: @realDonaldTrump Like I said, Trump for President. USA needs a positive change.""""""@Scleroshima: @realDonaldTrump you called it about 4 years ago about ""the spoils of war"" its all coming true now.""  So true!""""@commishjoe: Happy Birthday to successful businessman and true American success story. He certainly tells it like it is! Thank you.""""@glock34girl: @realDonaldTrump please run and get America back on its feet.""  Stay tuned!""""@dcolon2112: @realDonaldTrump Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!"""I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!"Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp, oil, and ""O"" will say thanks"Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S."""@MoshoodAluko: Happy birthday to an American icon and a real estate el-supremo... @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks.""""@homesbyjeff: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@fahntastic24601: In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great, @realDonaldTrump!""”""""""@roebeauty: Calling the sign &amp,“Trump"" name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.""""@Minnesotavk81: @realDonaldTrump your sign on chicago tower looks awesome!""  Thanks.""""@ruvie18: Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump,my best author, I never get tired of reading"" think big"" and the apprentice!""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Happy birthday to the best businessman in America!""  Thank you.""""@warrencasselljr: Happy Birthday to @realDonaldTrump. I wish you many more success! You are greatness!""  Thanks.""""@cjlrx: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday to an American icon!""  Thank you.""""@steele_sue: @realDonaldTrump I think your sign needs to stay, I think it looks great. Love it..""""""@fahntastic24601: In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great, @realDonaldTrump!""""""@Demontre4: @realDonaldTrump just looked at the sign and it looks great""""""@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!""""""@ThePrimeHost: @realDonaldTrump LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others."" Thanks.""""@ThePrimeHost: @realDonaldTrump LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others.""""""@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!""""""@MissPSpencer: @realDonaldTrump Love the Trump sign👍Amazing!!""""""@TVmaryd: @realDonaldTrump I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. It's beautiful and it's your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!""""@FASHfrontrunner: @realDonaldTrump Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!"If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarineJailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarineHad a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @WhoopiGoldberg, @JennyMcCarthy,  @SherriEShepherd &amp, guest host @MrJerryOC!"""@adamsteinbaugh: @realDonaldTrump you need to run for president like right now mister trump""""""@amybdt: @realDonaldTrump So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!""""""@CJohnson623: @realDonaldTrump I love the Trump building in Chicago""""""@DavennT: If you have a problem with @realDonaldTrump putting ""Trump"" on his building, you need to reassess your life. Get. Over. It.""""""@Trutt78: @realDonaldTrump - you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog.""""""@kvb423: @TODAYshow what a shame @RahmEmanuel is wasting money on @realDonaldTrump when we have CPS students in bldgs w/o AC""""""@kverb12345: @realDonaldTrump sign is the right size given size of the building.""""""@Danoh1952: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I like the Trump sign.""""@Radosevich: Love the sign! #Chicago! Do not cross #THEDONALD @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP""""""@PartTimer32: @realDonaldTrump love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city #keepfighting#PresidentTrump.""""@arbyoliver: @realdonaldtrump Great Chicago sign. Do not bend to pressure. Right on!"" I won't, thanks.""""@geauxholmes: @realDonaldTrump We would love a Trump building in #neworleans #CityBiz"" Thanks""""@The_RHLP: @realDonaldTrump pumped millions into our Chicago economy. My brother worked on that building for 3yrs. Rahm should thank him!""""""@cotyybaby: Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic #TRUMP #Elegance #TrumpChicago""""""@fullybop: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town! #trump4president"" Thank you.""""@inthelooptv: @realDonaldTrump Your sign is absolutely stunning in Chicago! Now only if you could wear a suit &amp, fight crime!""""""@Matthew_Erdman: DonaldTrump You built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want."""The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place)."""@ThisIsJoshSmith: I'll say it -- you are likely the *only* Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running""""@austinwalsh: @realDonaldTrump new sign looks awesome!!! Congrats!""""""@russell_triston: @realDonaldTrump Would make a great Commander in Chief. True intelligence. Common sense, economy knowledge, leadership."""We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@DON_Ekwegba: When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you""""@nikkio: I know I'm a day early for your weekend celebrations-Happy Birthday Donald! Looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 Thanks""""@Noce82: @realDonaldTrump will you please run for PRESIDENT. I will #VoteDonaldTrump""""""@tstreck: @realDonaldTrump great building. Name looks awesome on it.""""""@artv1028: @BlairKamin  @chicagotribune you don't like it because Trump is a conservative. How many jobs has Trump created in Chicago""""""@aureliusjb: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, I love your sign, it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. Keep up the great style statements.""""""@Noce82: @realDonaldTrump is a real man of his word, he would help AMERICA. #TRUMP4PREZ""""""@laura711hender: @realDonaldTrump Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!""""""@Annmajkrzak: @AP  @cbschicago I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! &amp, will this fight cost IL residents"""Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE"""@Nickkleutsch: @realDonaldTrump @trumpchicago personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!""""""@MajesticBrotha: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Liberal but I feel Mayor Emanual has bigger fish to fry in Chi-town than a Trump sign""""""@LoveandFate: @realDonaldTrump Your name on your building in Chicago looks awesome!""""@jamesbregenzer @TrumpChicago was completed during recession, when most other projects failed. Trump deserves Chicago's praise"" @BlairKamin"Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular."""@lifesanthem @TrumpVancouver Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world!"" A great place!""""@dreamsoles1 @realDonaldTrump you sir are a true inspiration to me I thank you.""  Great, thanks.""""@GOOD_ggg  @TrumpGolf With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres!""  True!""""@ep_capital               @ReformedBroker @PhilipRucker @realDonaldTrump yo that sign gonna be more famous than HOLLYWOOD!"" I agree!"In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls...A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign"""@AWoodyLou: @realDonaldTrump you are an inspiration to us all. If only you would run for President and sort all this shit out.""""""@stac: Following @realDonaldTrump was one of the best decisions I've made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating"""I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'sIraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!"""@chaz_323: @realDonaldTrump let me make this simple. Run. For. President . #forgodssake""""""@EfprestoPreston: @realDonaldTrump Run, Donald, run!""""""@DbigRock34: @realDonaldTrump run for president, you got my vote"""Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!"""@Mmmkamilla: I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him."""BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. --  AristotleThe @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp, @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp, tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing!"""@DavidInspired:Trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016""""@Koonskin: .@realDonaldTrump would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly, I don't think he has the guts to run. A shame."" We'll see!""""@BigPapaPruett: @realDonaldTrump The Smartest Businessman, and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #Trump4Prez""""@SMarkelon: Get this liar out of the White House. @realDonaldTrump for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!""""""@BravoFan2014: @realDonaldTrump @MissCassie1230 he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.""""""@zahmad_a:It is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army."" Wrong, they could NEVER do it!""""@MissCassie1230: @realDonaldTrump for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!""  I agree, thanks!"Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!"""@pamplinfilmco: @realDonaldTrump @Jenn641 Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president."" Our country would thrive!""""@Retrogirl01  He sure has my vote! It's time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!"Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!"""@Jenn641: I really think @realDonaldTrump should run for #President!!! Who's with me on that nomination?!""""""@AlexDavisChevy: Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! #TrumpEm #Trump4Prez""""""@justalmir: @realDonaldTrump please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!""  Thanks!""""@84Celtics: @realDonaldTrump No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899."""As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!"""@AskMrWhitey: @realDonaldTrump You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen."""What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again."""@lovebautistafan: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto @mdamelincourt By far the best hotel i've ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous."""I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL."""@FilmBatonRouge  Loved having @realDonaldTrump in town over the weekend for #MissUSA  A beautiful city filled with beautiful girls"" Thanks""""@SchwabbieMan: @realDonaldTrump Amateurs... unfortunate but true.""  True, our leader is clueless!""""@_tregun: @realDonaldTrump Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan: O's foreign policy (or lack thereof) fails repeatedly.""""""@shousman86: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump please build our Military and take care of our Vets as Commander in Chief"" This would happen!""""@JOEBANNAS: @realDonaldTrump There are no friends over there , you can not trust anybody. They where probably set up . Get our boys out""""""@PiersComments: The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump."""Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?"""@david_j_roth: ""I was never one who looked at success as bad. For me, success was always good. I loved it, and still do.""  Donald Trump""""@alexniekamp: @realDonaldTrump Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago!"" Thank you!""""@BizServicesInc: If Donald Trump runs in 2016, I will donate my time to campaign for him. Trump For President!!! We need great leadership!""""""@alyssa_kordish: #donaldtrump for president! @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks!""“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur""""""""@darryljordan: Run Donald Run! We need strong, decisive leader who'll make timely decisions, move policy forward &amp, return US 2 prosperity.""""""@anjeleyz: This is my nephew Mr trump,he is having chemo again,can you look at this and send a message maybe""  Tyler, get well soon - WIN!""""@Steal70: @TrumpToronto @Reddit_Toronto  @porterairlines Flights cancelled. One quick call to Trump Toronto &amp, I was all looked after""".@mdamelincourt  Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!"""@JTphi212: Just heard you on #FoxandFriends. We can count on you to tell it like it is. From a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!""""""@pzharris: You have to love @realDonaldTrump Tells it like it is - no BS. Aren't you tired of all the BS?"""Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur"""@mmurph @realDonaldTrump trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!""  Thank you.""""@MarcoGio13 Been listening to @realDonaldTrump speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president""  Thx""""@mkathleenhunter Donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your Dad. You can sense his love and pride in you!"" Thank you.""""@Yzaccount  @realDonaldTrump  Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are:)"" So nice, thanks!""""@GamezFrank @realDonaldTrump when do you sleep?""  Not much sleep for me!""""@DixonAgnes: As a Scot, thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of Scotland. But US needs u in DC. #presidentdonaldtrump"""Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!"The man made ""climate change"" that our ""great"" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!"The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM."""@killen2015: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016,I'd totally vote for him.We need a business man to get the economy back on track""""@kathy1453: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldTrump2016 Trump for President. You would make a difference. I think you're great."" Thank you!""""@DonaldTrump2016: @realDonaldTrump if you were in Washington this country would be in better shape""  Wow, thank you for caring so much!""""@tbrandy100:How about Bush? He lied about Iraq and WMD's. Cost us 4000 lives!!!""  I agree, I think he was also a terrible President!"No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!"""@GeraldBJohnson: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for Trump! We need discipline, intelligence, and most of all strength!! He would bring all 3"REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!"The same ""brilliant"" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China &amp, others.No chance""""@Real_Tess_Bloom: In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for @realDonaldTrump #run2016""  Great!""""@AdverTina: @realDonaldTrump. Would you be aggressive as President?""  Not aggressive,  smart!""""@ams_world: @realDonaldTrump Its embarrassing, yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around. A bunch of clueless leaders."" True!""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! #Trump2016"" I have not heard that one but thanks!""""@tegodreaux: @realDonaldTrump Not on your watch MR. President..."" 100% true!"We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out"""@lpgranier: Thank you for coming to Louisiana &amp, bringing $$$! First with your incredible speech at RLC &amp, now Miss USA! You rock!"" THANKS!"By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!"""@trieuhoang73: What a great golf course, excellent job @realDonaldTrump. My 1st Scottish golf experience was one to remember. Thanks!""""@JasonBoyer_29: If Washington had @realDonaldTrump type of leaders, this country would be back on top""  Thank you and true!"Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBCI am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!.@AndrewKreig   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story"Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump""""""@SummersMarcus: @realDonaldTrump always my role model"" Thank you."Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a ChampionBREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp, our gold supply. We get borscht &amp, a bottle of vodka."""@GleisisSantos Reading @realDonaldTrump 's Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book.""  Thanks, good luck!""""@Ry_Ceo: @realDonaldTrump i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs for  president. He knows the real deal!""""""@Eriksson: Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?” 😑😑😑""""""@elChucacabra: @realDonaldTrump Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban, but can't make a deal with congress.""""""@Boycottmaypac: @realDonaldTrump He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!"""I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp, defeat Bruce Braley this November"""@fear_no_evil89 @realDonaldTrump is not afraid to tell the truth &amp, stand up for what he thinks is right #GOP2016 #Trump2016"" Thank you""""@iCheko_LOM All Mr. @realDonaldTrump is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets."" Thank you.""""@MikeyGojca @realDonaldtrump         speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right."" I guess so, thanks!""""@_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama. @realDonaldTrump is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration""  Thx."Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. PatheticObama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy..@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp, a massive 110 ft. heated pool."""@nklaeger We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!""  Thanks, I agree!""""@dbljjames @realDonaldTrump will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA"" Yes!"I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!"""@paulscuz @realDonaldTrump I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016""  True!""""If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic."" - Think Like a Billionaire"Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter..@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!"""@tquoteseday: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable. - Donald Trump""""Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's ""brilliant"" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!""""@Wolf_Hausmann: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump"""The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas TouchIt would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp, @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!"""@LisaV27 @realDonaldTrump I want you Mr. Trump as the president"" Well, we'd better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast.""""@bcfccityisours @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump looks awesome mr t."" Thank you.""""@DebsSay @RepLeadConf Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC, Mr. Trump! Great speech! We need real leadership in America!"" Thank you."“It's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark MessierObama’s war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp, creating a great business disadvantage.Be sure to buy this month’s @AmSpec magazine. Read “A Trump Card,” my interview with Jeffrey Lord.Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays."""@Taylor_McBath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions""""""@Ralphige: Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA @realDonaldTrump"""Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoomThat the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!"""@MrCurvyWor @realDonaldTrump Enjoyed seeing you on @Letterman! You should run for President! You would get this great country going again!""""""@alextbailey: @realDonaldTrump  @Letterman If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican, the people will vote for you!""""""@Greek1958: Looking forward seeing @realDonaldTrump on @Letterman tonight. Has my vote as the next #POTUS"" Thanks.""""@MVPSocialMedia: Great show/guest tonight! @Letterman @realDonaldTrump #legends""  Thank you!""""@iPlanned: ""A good #plan violently executed now is better than a perfect #plan next week."" - General George S. Patton""""@deniseprobe: Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. I'd vote 4 u"""Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp, stay strong!"""@amitgupta9 @realDonaldTrump is the visionary with the midas touch. America, Good times are on their way...""  Thanks.""""@woodrowwinters  nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done."" Thanks and true.""""@TalismanJohnnyA Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments."" Great, thx.""""@danmillman  I give @realDonaldTrump a lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible."" Thanks (sort of)!".@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!"""@Roney_Samuel: @realDonaldTrump was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! #TorontoInternational""""""@HeisenBarry: Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! @realDonaldTrump""  Make America great again!""""@bojo123be: @realDonaldTrump all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility."" Thanks.""""@Negroamigo11: @realDonaldTrump is the right man for the job #Trump2016""""""@2p2TrollCat: .@realDonaldTrump @petewaite976 @ApprenticeNBC That wouldn't be hard to do."" True!""""@bturner12387: @realDonaldTrump 2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you, please run""""""@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Donald for President!""  Thanks.""""@petewaite976: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for #President2016, ratings for debate nights would blow @ApprenticeNBC right out of the water!""""@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump if you run...it will be the first time I vote""""""@themurphyz: The @realDonaldTrump tower is crazy. Absolutely in love. @TrumpToronto #service #amazing #Mrzbirthday""""""@Awizzel10: #Trump2016 You are an inspiration to me and my friends, @realDonaldTrump. #2016 #prez""""""@Awizzel10: @realDonaldTrump We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016""""""@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump running the US is much like running a business, who better at that than The Donald? #Trump2016""""""@cmull43: I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy""""""@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.""""@diverojalv: @TaynishaGray Trump boldy calls out problems,then offers solutions &amp, opinions that excite the electorate, just like Reagan!""""""@1ChrisJoly: @realDonaldTrump Your ties are amazing.""  Thanks.""""@Teabo: How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make in  New York, you can make it anywhere #NewYorkNY""""""@davidc: I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country""""""@TaynishaGray: So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?""""""@johnny4arizona:Trump Ur biid 4 Prez n 2016 would make U.S top economic superpower, encourage r allies, slow or stop r enemies. #Trump2016""""""@johnny4arizona: President Trump would have America walking proudly, talking loudly, carrying big stick n foreign policy again. #Trump2016""""""@johnny4arizona: @realDonaldTrump A successful #Trump2016 bid would restore American exceptionalism, entrepreneurship, and leadership.""""""@TyceDaggitt: @realDonaldTrump for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction.""""""@DavidHyre: @realDonaldTrump Donald please run""""""@RColdwellBanker: @realDonaldTrump watching your c-span special from the other day, I can't get enough of it!!!!!!!""  Thank you!"The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News."""@happygirl71929: @realDonaldTrump If you don't run in 2016..... I'm moving to Canada..... Please help us Mr. Trump""  Don't move so fast!"At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!"""@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows you’re the only man who can do it!"" True""""@joydacus84: @realDonaldTrump not long, Obama plays with our emotion's knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. Stupid man!""""""@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart.""""""@mappleby747: Trump 2016! We need someone who not only wants to Change this country but can change this country. @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks.""""@fergton: @realDonaldTrump when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?""""""@kylegolfmtnbike: @realDonaldTrump wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?""""""@rbrohammer:  Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership""""""@Awew: @realDonaldTrump Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want."""The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster."""@ChazKShand: @realDonaldTrump Run for president! We need a leader, not a politician!"" So true!"President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!"""@Versongoetrix: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president I will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends!~"" Great!""""@johnny4arizona: @realDonaldTrump That is for sure !! Congrats on your appearance at #RLC2014 in New Orleans TRUMP 2016""  Thanks.""""@druudruu: @realDonaldTrump worked there once. Stayed there too. It was a dream both times!""""""@mosanimusa: @realDonaldTrump Great man doing great things""  Thank you.""""@87krusty87: @realDonaldTrump I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!""""""@annelol: @realDonaldTrump i hope my children are just like you""  So nice, thanks.""""@ukcarioca: @realDonaldTrump do you ever sleep? I see timelines from you at 3-5am?""  Not much!"I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!#TheArsenioHallShow   Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!"""@aliayacovlef @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic."" Thank you."“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @OprahSnowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp, face justice.The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care"""@touchme721                                      @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump one beautiful course"" Thank you.""""@MANNYSTEEZU: @realDonaldTrump should run for president."" Thank you!"Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more"""@adeezy101 @realDonaldTrump even after making billions, what keeps you motivated?"" If you have passion for your work, you will be motivated"Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge."""Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away."" - Think Like a Champion"“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln"""@immlawyercanada: @realDonaldTrump BRILLIANT!"" Thank you!""""@joerusso9: @realDonaldTrump should be the next president""  Thanks."Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nationsThe Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- Thomas A. EdisonWinners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi“Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.” - Think Like a Champion"""@nawal: If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize, forgive them and move on, but never trust them again. by @realDonaldTrump""""""@MichaelShmikel: @realDonaldTrump if u don't run for prez I hope u r tapped for VP or Fed reserve chair or anything.""  Thanks.""""@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends When is Mr. @realDonaldTrump due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!""""@GOPthinker: @realDonaldTrump We need you to run for president, big guy. The Dems &amp, Reps are simply incapable of fixing the country.""""""@not_that_actor:  @IGotAngelEyes @JoyceGoodman64 If Donald doesn't run, the US will never regain its #1 world super-power status"" True!""""@luuuucy15_: @realDonaldTrump run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you"" Thank you, nice!"I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!"""@RowdyRoadie11: @realDonaldTrump @JoyceGoodman64 I agree mr trump. I am a veteran and can't stand what is happening""""""@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @JoyceGoodman64 Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man &amp, So Intelligent &amp, Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.""""@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump run Mr. Trump...please we need you!""""""@pasVote RED in 2014 &amp, 2016 &amp, remove these inept clowns &amp, party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!"""What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!"""@MrBearHere: @realDonaldTrump just started my business and everyday I tell myself #belikeTrump"" Very nice, thanks!"I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"""@laurenhuston:  My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today &amp, found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them!"" THANKS LAUREN!""""@wisdomforwomen: “@realDonaldTrump: The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.”  True!""""@house6000: That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing, I wish I was as lucky as he was, have a great day!""  THANKS!".@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!"""@JakeMHS: The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for president""  And so do many others - our country is a mess!"The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?Remember our brave men &amp, women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch."""@joddo15  @realDonaldTrump take a shot at buying the @buffalobills and keeping them in WNY!"" @nflcommish""""@ptarkkonen: ""What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."" -Donald Trump #leadership"""Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein”"""@JFarquharLaird: Great to see @realDonaldTrump getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman, a friend, a genius.""  Thank you!""""@WusongTweet: @pand @realDonaldTrump Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative, tenacious &amp, loves his work.""""Thx, and from a better quotation source: ""You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."" -- Wayne Gretzky""""@calebsthomas @realDonaldTrump what books should I read for business? Particularly by you""  Start with The Art of the Deal.""""@ShoretnTweet @realDonaldTrump did someone say #WineWednesday? Loved your winery in VA, brought a case back to Pottstown PA!""  Great!""""@EllaKAgency @realDonaldTrump saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!!""  Thanks.""""@imnotsochey Really hoping I magically run into @realDonaldTrump in New York City this weekend!! He's an inspiration!"" Thank you.""""@mikewarner1976  All I want for Christmas is for @realDonaldTrump to buy the @buffalobills"" @nflcommish"I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!"""@realtmfleming Your seminars, books, shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you: THINK BIG!"" Great!""""@Grizz524  @realDonaldTrump thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. Trump""  Good luck!"Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King"""Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”  -- Anonymous"Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back."""@AntonVonClouse been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp, The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you."" Great!"Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard."""@Bigpeter184 Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses &amp, hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best."" Will be great"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert EinsteinGoing now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face."""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump We have hope. We still have Mr. Trump!""  Thank you!""""@TTH7: Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she's being cut to 30 hrs due to #Obamacare- been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed"" Very sad!""""@ryantravers: @realDonaldTrump 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash and no hope!""""@hshippey: Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy:)""  Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!"Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.“You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a ChampionThe roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp, strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!"""@libProject: @realDonaldTrump You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful"" Interesting!""""@kimberlykc1st: @realDonaldTrump COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP""""""@lbcxyz: @realDonaldTrump Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.""""""@TopSecret_PT: @realDonaldTrump - Ireland, Scotland, Dubai! Do you ever sleep?""  Not much!""""@Blvd @realDonaldTrump We won't unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul."I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!"""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @CJM8112 Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?!"" Thanks and true.""""@NinjaRomantic: If it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run Donald, then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet. #2016 #President""""""@louise_ramage: @realDonaldTrump Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!""""""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @RonCanova @TrumpDoral Yep, the man we need running the country.""  Thanks!"@ronanofficial  Thanks Ronan, see you there!"""@ronanofficial: Great to hear that T just purchased Doonbeg. Exactly what Golf in Ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy.""""""@CJM8112: Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? Hispanics/Latinos love Trump!"" AND I LOVE THEM!""""@TrumpPhillyGM: One week from today, we open our amazing pool #trumpnationalphiladelphia! Thank you @EricTrump!  GOOD LUCK ERIC Q!""""@Sloclone: @realDonaldTrump Without a doubt but the public is too dumb""  Actually, I don't think so. They know U.S. needs help &amp, leadership""""@NectarUSAFSM: @kyleraccio I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office, now.""""""@ZachDikowski: @realDonaldTrump run for president please!""  Thanks.""""@lisa_zeee: @realDonaldTrump &lt,-- this guy needs to run for president! Knowledge is power. #2016""  Thanks!""""@WereAllLemmings: So many people post hateful messages to @realDonaldTrump yet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? No, losers!"NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp, economy!)"""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run, Donald."" It can be done - thanks.""""@Bethany_Desiree: LOL @realDonaldTrump is seriously the man. Run for president PLEASE""  Our next President must be GREAT, that's me. Thanks"Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp, Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai."""@RonCanova: @TrumpDoral  Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!""""""@gfstew: Fantastic to meet @realDonaldTrump yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in Aberdeen. #itmustbenumberone""""""@jason_donoghue Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle."" Thank you"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve JobsI am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill"""Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true."" - Joe Montana""""@NSingh2024 @realDonaldTrump @Turnberry One of the best Business Firm &amp, Family. What a combination. Amazing.""  Thank you.""Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:  ""Know everything you can about what you're doing.""""""@BryanPax  @realDonaldTrump One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort, great history, now a great owner. Congrats!""  Thanks.""""@marionx72 Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment""  Thank you.""Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: ""Trust in God and be true to yourself."""Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve JobsBe a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks."""@FrobBedrickson @realDonaldTrump ""Art of The Deal"" just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.."" Thanks, enjoy."Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think BigIf you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince LombardiDo your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire"""@DeirdreCulligan I am delighted that you are getting to experience Doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visit""  It was fantastic, thx.""""@darrenkellytv Trump has done it again - excellence, elegance, &amp, excitement. Brilliant news for Ireland. County Clare is buzzing"" Thanks!""""DAMAC Properties   @DamacOfficial @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!""  Thank you!""""@evyfitz  beautiful hotel, great staff, wonderful location &amp, County Clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions"" Fantastic place!""""@TravelShamrock @realDonaldTrump Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Ireland's golf courses""  Thank you."Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp, Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai  @DamacOfficial, a great company.If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp, Stay Positive."""@Marooose  @Trump_Ireland welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling #trumpluxury on my home soil! #Doonbeg""  Thank you!"It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp, organization"""@Texxas_Gal @irishabroad @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Trump_Ireland @ShannonAirport beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip""  Thank you.""""@ClareTourism Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in @ShannonAirport  Enjoy your stay in Clare""  Thank you.""""@WSOG2014 Hey, @realDonaldTrump Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster at @TrumpDoral or @BLTPrimeMiami?"" Both=great reviews""""@JMcElray        @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki, BLT Steak excellent service, staff, chefs, manager, wonderful dining in Honolulu."" Thanks"@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision."""@warrencasse: A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! - @realDonaldTrump""""""@Lake: Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer @realDonaldTrump 10%of earnings to protect your interests"""@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be greatTime Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!"""@Call4 @realDonaldTrump is one of the most successful businessman in America. He's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan""""""@incfw: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump""""Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt ""shame"" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!"Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold PalmerDennis—Thank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth &amp, you wouldn’t take it. Great!  @dennisrodmanMany of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  Thomas A. Edison"""@yagerblasters: Please run for president.We need your help. Get in there and fire those Aholes.Your a legend business man and love America""""""@christsonton: @realDonaldTrump now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!!""  Thanks."Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).@dallascowboys   Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star."""@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @Savi_Swizzle Very Smart Man. I'd Vote 4 U MR. TRUMP. 👑🌹💋🇺🇸""  Thanks""""@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump You were completely right as always!"" Thanks.""""@Ametrano3457: Just did my final presentation wearing @realDonaldTrump tie. Definitely increased my grade. #DressLikeABillionaire""""""@pkitzke: @realDonaldTrump: Who goes first? Tell us......quick.""  .Clowney"I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - @TigerWoodsRemember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it."""Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation."" - Midas Touch"Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp, gain confidence.“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people &amp, obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.”–Midas Touch“The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.” - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHatThe global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!"""@Da_Brain8: @realDonaldTrump U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan, but u need to seriously announce your Candidacy! Will you?"" WATCH!"Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.“If you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a BillionaireRussia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up &amp, Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!"""@DavidBarringer4  For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned.  High quality and very appealing"" Thanks."Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew CarnegieJust had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial --  now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!"""@BaitedTrap: @realDonaldTrump @thechrismcqueen America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!""""""@bguzqueda: @realDonaldTrump great #CincoDeMayo to one of the best americans! #LatinAmerica follows u always !""""""@frogchip10: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! What a great vote to make!""  Thank you.""""@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpForPresident #trump2016"""This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp, mumbling while trying to interview a guest.“Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion"""@Carbuccia You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. I'll pick you as a winner in any race!  @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump"" Thx"Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp, weekly hours staying flat. Bad!"""@rjbachor @HowardStern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great"" True &amp, thx""""@imFRANGtastic: @realDonaldTrump would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident""""""@61Webhead: @realDonaldTrump You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! #wewantTrump""""""@BSS8888: @realDonaldTrump Simple as that #TrumpForPresident""""""@BethAndersonEsq: You make this country great &amp, inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story."" Thank you Beth""""@musedSUCCESS: @realDonaldTrump We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! You've got my vote!""""""@Leonard @realDonaldTrump Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. #TrumpForPresident""""""@larkin_dotty: @realDonaldTrump I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!""""""@rockenmoma: @realDonaldTrump Bring the ""honesty"" to the White House. Even @IvankaTrump thinks you should! #2016""""""@slbernard1: @realDonaldTrump @IamSloany Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President,, that would so awesome....""""""@iDSoutherl @realDonaldTrump Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again, they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!""""""@thechrismcqueen: @realDonaldTrump Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs you""  Thank you, or country can be great again!""""@beltex63: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True""""@GlamorousTeam: @realDonaldTrump love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day!"" Thanks.""""@Old_VanessaG: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT!!""""""@dineroworkceo: @realDonaldTrump your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself!""  Thank you.""""@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are the president we need!!""  Thanks""""@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump the only thing we need Is you too run!!""  We can be great again.""""@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero""  So nice, thanks.""""@BigThasYourBack: @realDonaldTrump spot on about the media! Honestly, just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect!""  Thanks.""""@CarsonMotz: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION.""  Thank you!""""@KeithWhittingt1: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, plaza take your daughters advice!""""""@anastasiasoula7: @realDonaldTrump Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!""""""@mattseba: @realDonaldTrump wonderful ideals on @foxandfriends . We need a ""phenomenal president"" like you!""""""@Grinderswitch: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Donald run please you can fix this mess""""""@ShawnQuinnsh1: @realDonaldTrump RUN, DONALD, RUN!!!!"""I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY@TrumpGolfDC  Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.No wonder boxing is close to dead!Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT."The reporter that called Kevin Durant ""Mr. Unreliable"" should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!""There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called ""journalists"" can make up lies and get away with it""""@Noe Donald Trump: ""#RaffaeleSollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.” #innocent""""""@Double_A2011: Yoo @Beyonce and Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump money 🙅🙅🙅🙅"" Not good""""@JayRit @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!"""Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory"""@DanScavino: .@RonWhittenGD ~ AWESOME to read!! I told you that - great piece in recognizing @realDonaldTrump's impact on #golf!👍👍‼️""""""@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump Does @VanityFair realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?""""""@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump Circulation @ record low. Spy Mag also failed under Graydon.""   @VanityFair Magazine""""@horher:  ""@benedwards55 I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president""""""""@nikkio: @GolfDigestMag Donald loves the game, is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece.""""""@Pawsar @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains""""""@JayBThomas: @realDonaldTrump @WilliamCarneyII Meyers is hard to watch""  @sethmeyers""""@JohnStoli: @realDonaldTrump nbc relies too much on an out of touch Lorne Michaels""""""@bryanbruce: @realDonaldTrump remember how awkward Chevy Chase was on his short lived talk show?""  But he was better than @sethmeyers.""""@Andigriffin: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Give him time! You grew into@ApprenticeNBC .. Gotta get into your groove #betterhappensoon""""""@beltex63: @realDonaldTrump America needs Donald Trump, let's put our country back on top in 2016!!""""""@buff1414: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls.""  Why, he's a total loser!""""@MCat7189X: @realDonaldTrump @sethmeyers Seth should just play the 'best of' Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia.""  So true!""""@Kennokevin: @realDonaldTrump You should run for President in 2016 and have @Vincemcmahon as your running mate.""  Cute!""""@_xx_Alesa: I know mine for 2016 and you've my vote @realDonaldTrump Please get our Country back where it belongs. Please!!!"" Thanks."Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp, Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit..@sethmeyers  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!"""@matteastwood  Say what you will about Trump, but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses!"" True, the best in the world""""@mrsfrazieraz @realDonaldTrump on our way to Trump International Las Vegas!  It's our favorite place to stay! #trumplasvegas""  Thanks.""""@slees1705 As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place &amp, role for members in future?"" Absolutely! See u there""""@fink13 @golfvoyager @ShannonAirport Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th May""  Me too."Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- Albert EinsteinA feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp, 1630 GMT #DAMAC"""@Aa94Javy Cant wait for 2016 So tired of this weak Adm policy at home n foreign even worse. America deserves better we can do better"" True!""""@dotson_jordan  love the confidence that  @realDonaldTrump has. That's what makes a great leader""  Thank you""""@Dardonyc16 You bought Turnberry? You own 2 best courses/ resorts in Scotland/ World now! You're a legend! Get a Kilt now!""  I'll have to!""""@darhowklo   CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought ""no he doesn't!'""  CNN lied!""""@SharkGregNorman Congrats on purchase of iconic Turnberry.Great course &amp, a special place for me.@The_Open 1986"" Thx Greg, our great winner!""""@garyplayer  Congratulations on your acquisition of Turnberry Resort. Spectacular place. Fond memories. My best. GP""   Thanks Gary!""""@ImAliveaRuis  I plan on becoming just as successful and big as @realDonaldTrump in business.""  Great--work hard!""""@benedwards55  I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president"" Probably true!""""@salpie  @realDonaldTrump and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring #Obamacare exchange temps!""  Good question. ?"Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predeterminedNegotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms."""@FranMFarber: If anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it's @realDonaldTrump"" It will not even be difficult.""""@Thayne_Spinks: If I don't see @realDonaldTrump in office in the next decade, I am moving costal and never returning. We need a leader."With @VanityFair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset!ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp, loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp, Senior PGA etc.Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!"""@marco_reid: @realDonaldTrump @janecat60 @joeho @KathViner @AlexSalmond way to destroy a view...""""""@PBenza: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @GolfDigestAU @newscomauHQ @dailytelegraph 🍻⛳️thanks Donald! Turnberry will be better than ever!""""@kerriCJ: ""@GOPthinker: @realDonaldTrump I still believe you would have beaten Obama"" LMAO""  I do also!""""@keegster51: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! We need a competent leader, so I can find a job after college! #Trump2016"""Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, @seniorpgachamp at Trump DC &amp, @pgachampionship at Trump BedminsterAnnounced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @TrumpGolfDC &amp, @pgachampionship to Trump BedminsterGetting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica“Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.” - Arnold Palmer"""@DebysinghCindy   I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum!""  Thanks.""""@MrBC_3  @GolfDigestMag - The Donald gets his men's major: 2022 PGA going to Trump Bedminster""  Will be amazing! @PGAChampionship"It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!"""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice.""""""@JoeFraga: I saw your interview yesterday &amp, agree 100%. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.""""""@Scott__Marx: @realDonaldTrump Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! #TrumpforPresident""""""@datriggakeithh: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?""” @MacMiller""""""@cassiewellkid: i think Donald trump should run for president""  Thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!""""@Media2Commerce: ""As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big."" Donald Trump""""""@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?""""""@Meep_Swizzle: My 666th tweet goes out to @realDonaldTrump you are the man sir #keepenterprising""  Great!"Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling."""@ckiker22 @HowardStern looks like @realDonaldTrump needs to call in to the @sternshow""  Two of Howard's all time top 5.""""@paul1994loan They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair"" True.""""@PGAofAmerica &amp, @realDonaldTrump to Announce Major Golf News at news conference on Thursday, May 1 - 11 a.m. ET. at Trump Tower Stay tuned!".@jamieaydt  Happy Birthday Jamie!"""@michaelgferrara I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda"" Thx--true""""@foxesbA  I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview."" So did I!"Dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power.It’s important to listen to what people say. “Horrible” and “disgusting” are the words I used in response to Sterling’s comments.It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner."""@SharonWilcox13 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas are you running for President? You should.""  Thank you.""""@balango212  Donald J. Trump, my biggest inspirational in life.""  Thank you.""""@ReddickTr @realDonaldTrump @autismspeaks  im a autism mom my son loves you bunches"" Great--say hi to him!"A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!"""@JimMolton: @realDonaldTrump, Great job on Fox and Friends !""  Thanks."I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!"""@JonathanAFrye: Passion is the start, confidence, vision &amp, focus are the steps, &amp, resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success.""""""@DeannaSpillyard: @realDonaldTrump Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box.""""""@JacobNiermeyer: Donald Trump will forever be Mac Miller's best song.""  True - he will never have another one to compete!"President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond"""@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump is the world's greatest developer. He's the Rockefeller of this generation.""  Thank you!"If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp, vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp, you're off to a good start"""@61yellowjacket  Love  @TheApprentice inspirational, awesome businessman, teacher, &amp, great role model for all generations""  Thank you."We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!"""@obio @realDonaldTrump of course we have cards. Unfortunately we also have a community organizer, not a seasoned businessman as president!""""""@RamKindaGuy: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth #TrumpForPrez2016""""""@BossBuza: @realDonaldTrump for president!""""""@yune_dwi2: ""Without passion, you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing."" - Donald Trump""  SO TRUE!""""@dallasnews: Ex-Cowboys RB Herschel Walker: Like Jerry Jones, Donald Trump would be a great NFL owner.  @nflcommish""""@murciahole13: @realDonaldTrump sir, our country could be great once more with you as President. You're hired!"" Thanks!"N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS"""@RustyWallace:  @GregWallace66 @Trump_Charlotte @NASCAR_FDN Thanks-I'm really looking forward to it. You have a beautiful course!""""""@mc People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........@realDonaldTrump @WarrenBuffett""""""@VinnyMalpica @realDonaldTrump please buy the Bills"" @nflcommish #BillsMafia""""@JoeSimpson_KBBN   I'm a lifelong Bills fan. @realDonaldTrump  Please save this franchise!  We're ready to win!"" @nflcommish #BillsMafia"“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big“Once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.” – Think Like a Billionaire“Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask, the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi"""@AntonVonClouse I still have articles from following some of your 80's moves &amp, the Trump game... I was the original apprentice!""  Great!""""@mikhiett  This is what you have done, its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! #trump2016""  Nice!""""@MissyCombs @realDonaldTrump Idiots! That's who negotiates. C'mon Trump..America needs you!"" Thanks.""""@peterf101 I wish #DonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump would run for President, I think he would be a great one.""  Thank you.""""@GregWallace66 Hey @Trump_Charlotte is hosting @RustyWallace Golf Classic on 5/19 benefiting @NASCAR_FDN."" Rusty will have a great day!""""@bahia6085 @ricktimlick The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true.""  Nice!""""@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland not at all!  the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful"" Thanks, but it is working out great!"South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?"""@WheresJose: Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite &amp, told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!""""@RyanPaolucci: @realDonaldTrump please buy the bills"" nflcommish""""@kimkardarshian3: @realDonaldTrump u afraid of getting #poor""  Always have been!""""@Tumi_Architect: Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing I've ever done for myself. Inspired by @realdonaldtrump #ThinkBig"" Great.""""@AllAmerVet: Mr. T, pls buy the #NYTimes and turn it around for the truth! These lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin.""""""@emilymistretta: i love when @realDonaldTrump tweets #🐘"""@AndreaTantaros  It was great to see you - say hi to all!“I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - @VinceMcMahon"""Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger."" - Think Big"The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time, probably after ’14 election"""@yosoyroberto @realDonaldTrump Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets, awesome example of planning and scheduling!"" Thanks.""""@ChristineStergi   what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish.""  Thanks and true!""""@PeteGagliardo Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo""""@ricktimlick   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on ""The Art of the Deal!"" Always admired you.""  Thanks.""""@sundayhorse @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick.""  True.""""@mondrian70 The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the #NFL. Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise &amp, NFL."" @nflcommish""""@richrobins0n i love Trump because he actually says what’s on his mind, not what the people want to hear. that’s why he’s a leader""  Thanks""""@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one.""  Thanks James!""""@sjleith @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland A truly great course.  Best I have played in Scotland.""  Thank you."No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAllThe city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!"""To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily."" - Think Like a Billionaire""""@KingMeeetch: @realDonaldTrump celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, you're damn good at all three""""""@PolishPrince21: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills! @nflcommish""""@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @ChristineStergi President Trump, now that would make Putin wet himself!""""""@Terrell87:  Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the #1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?""  JOBS!""""@TarHeelFullback: @realDonaldTrump you would make an amazing president!""  Thanks.""""@gabepaul58: @realDonaldTrump would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the @buffalobills ❤️"" @nflcommish""""@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump and a better TV show. @ApprenticeNBC #1 You make great TV Mr Trump"" Thanks.""""@mike_ginett: @realDonaldTrump #america needs a true businessman to run this nation. You.""  I agree, thanks!""""@jorourke8: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest man on earth""  So nice, thank you!""""@financeturd: @realDonaldTrump you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark Cuban""  I also have far greater wealth and athleticism!""""@leetimlin0511: I just want @realDonaldTrump to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club""  nflcommish""""@youngsellz4: @realDonaldTrump you'd be a great president Mr.Trump"" Thank you, the World would no longer look at us as fools!"Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!"""@Robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise""  It was my honor!""""@JeniferStevens: Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat"""The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp, bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!"""@adeezy101: @realDonaldTrump are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016?""  Just watch!""""@mikewarner1976: @realDonaldTrump @buffalobills Please make this happen !!!""  @nflcommish""""@danica2013: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent &amp, knows what he's doing. #GotMyVote #NewAmerica".@McIlroyRory  Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!"""@CraigPorritt: @realDonaldTrump Vote Donald for President 2016."" Thanks.""""@rawrlance: Word on the street is @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore are both on #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump is that true? 😝"" YES!"Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!"""@GolfCarAnnie: @BruceBeck4NY  @MGA1897 Trump Bedminster is truly special. But then again all of Trump's courses are !"" Thank you Ann Marie!""""@BruceBeck4NY: All eyes on @realDonaldTrump @MGA1897 press conference for 99th Met Open at spectacular Trump Bedminster! See you there B!"“You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.” - @jack_welchThe NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it."Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, ""There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan"" 're ObamaCare.""Last Thursday Obama said ""investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term"" The next day he again stopped Keystone"Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively!Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities."""Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. "" - Midas Touch""""@Chuck_Kelly1  I'm not even a #Bills fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans + Trump owned = #Buffalove4Life"" @nflcommish""""@Helmzyy  @realDonaldTrump If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad:)"" @nflcommish""""@nickvitello  The @realDonaldTrump brand is based on success and being a winner. Just what the @buffalobills need!"" @nflcommish""""@Cturner77 @realDonaldTrump @JimKellyInc would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Let's do this! Go Bills! #BillsMafia"" @nflcommish""""@Hitoden  Sir, I've always respected you. I was born &amp, raised in Buffalo &amp, would love you as owner of the @buffalobills"" @nflcommish""""@ragtopgirl12 @realDonaldTrump my son would be ecstatic!! Bills fan from 5 years old!"" @nflcommish""""@tlwhitney1 @realDonaldTrump @nflcommish would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team""""""@Chuck_Kelly13 @frankpro @HarvickFan_4  He IS a damn good businessman and a wise investor. I'd say he'd run a great team."" @nflcommish""""@DenZen: @realDonaldTrump   First rule of success, a great big ego! Still love you Mr Trump and CANNOT wait for Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC""""""@ssalame11: @realDonaldTrump you are a God !!! Of real estate"" A great compliment (and true) - thanks!"Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp, China get itAfter thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret ThatcherIf America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo."""We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business."" - Think Like a Champion"Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet."""@FrohawkMahDude   I liked @realDonaldTrump, but the more u tweet, the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia""  @nflcommish""""@josegonzalez_69                     @realDonaldTrump If you buy the team it would win the superbowl!"" @nflcommish""""@AndrewZufel @realDonaldTrump You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills &amp, kept them in WNY."" @nflcommish""""@yvonnecr  @realDonaldTrump  please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great""  I agree!""""@coachofspin  My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!""  True! @jacknicklaus""Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was ""not political"" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?""""@2letters1number:I've been watching YouTube videos on @WarrenBuffett, @BillGates &amp, @realDonaldTrump all day. Feeling really inspired.""Great"I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!"""@LisaMills62: @realDonaldTrump You're so successful &amp, admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children!""  Thanks!""""@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump I detest @ariannahuff with a passion!""   And for good reason, she is a complete phoney!""""@MikeM @realDonaldTrump Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?"""Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!"""@FenitaAyu1: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump""""""@WasimPerviz: @realDonaldTrump When will we see you again in @WWE?""  Soon!""""@906reynolds: Donald Trump is a leader and savvy businessman, two qualities we lack and desperately need in DC."" Thank you, HAPPY EASTER!""""@mike_carrion99: Uwere right,the Chinese respect smart ppl like urself,but they and evry1 laughs @ Obama.Plz run in '16 you're STRONG""""""@Salon:Krugman furious with MSNBC: ""Why don't they just hire Donald Trump and be done with it? And their ratings would go way up, and fast!""""@Joshua_Weaver_: The @nfl needs the @realDonaldTrump! Happy Easter!"" @nflcommish"Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?)."""@HRGuySerchia: @TotalSportsNews @nfl @buffalobills @realDonaldTrump Go Donald! I am with you!"" @nflcommish. Thanks.""""@SRWMiChelleJ: @realDonaldTrump and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy. #GeminisWeAre""""""@YMatthews956:  When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it!"" Soon!""""@cedwardsmedia: @realDonaldTrump @CanizalVania nah, he’ll get old, but he’ll age like fine wine.""  Wow, nice!""""@ARbruins: @penows @CanizalVania Obama is a horrible leader, can't get anyone to agree on anything. I believe trump is for real"" Thank you.""""@wadar1969: @realDonaldTrump Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado, Ft Knox etc. I doubt it, sadly!""""@mikevargovich: You see what you’ve gone and done, @BonJovi? I’m rooting for @realDonaldTrump. #Bills #KeepThemInBuffalo"" @nflcommish"HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!"""@irondan_93: No matter what the occasion, you always feel confident in a @realDonaldTrump button down #almostgraduating"" Great, good luck.""""@gileshenley: @lukemckinney I read your @realDonaldTrump article, and reread the old one. #brilliant as usual! So colorful!"" Thank you!""""@Colin: Mr. Trump, please buy our precious #BuffaloBills with Jim Kelly. You two know what the team means to #WNY. Love it!"" @nflcommish""""@MadG0d: Buffalo has one great Donald Trump - Doctor at Roswell Park Cancer Institute - We need another @realDonaldTrump !"" @nflcommish""""@CanizalVania: Donald Trump will never ever get old. Ever.""  Wow, what a nice thing to say!""""@suew777 Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team&amp,fans!"" @nflcommish""""@BillsMafia_G107 @suew777 I completely agree. I think @realDonaldTrump would be an excellent owner and wouldn't accept losing!"" @nflcommish""""@BillsMafia  You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there! @nflcommish""""@NCBillsFan  The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!""  @nflcommish""""@tomko13: If @realDonaldTrump buys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years. #buytheEagles""  @nflcommish""""@AlexDub182821: Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if @realDonaldTrump was the new owner. True. @nflcommish""""@sirwilliam @realDonaldTrump @frankpro The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump, you have 100%of my support! @nflcommish""""@_tamx0: Best customer service at the trump hotel @realDonaldTrump"""@frankpro   Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo."""@CameronM_: I would vote @realDonaldTrump as president!""""""@angelofleven: @realDonaldTrump where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients?"" I wish I could!""""@CCPLiberty: “@RickNichols3: @realDonaldTrump time to get businessmen in DC instead of politicians. Trump for Pres!”"""Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night."""@frankadgpr: @realDonaldTrump I recently heard you talked and acted like a Billionaire, before you became a Billioanire.""  Interesting.""""@JohnTisdall: @realDonaldTrump You owe it to this country Go for it You can fix it""  I definitely can!""""@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links #balmedie? No wind turbines.""""@markmilliken21: @realDonaldTrump @GeneralTso316 I own a few DT ties from Macy's, best ties I ever purchased...good stuff!!""  Thanks.""""@wen @realDonaldTrump Why aren't you one of the sharks on #SharkTank? You would be awesome on there!!👍"" But The Apprentice is much better!""""@MrJPL: An Aussie @TrumpWaikiki, such an amazing place. Well done @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump &amp, happy Easter""""@EAikenz: @realDonaldTrump @renovacion Putin May be smart but he doesn't have the Art of the Deal!""""""@Welles19: @realDonaldTrump @renovacion Moscow's bully is no match for Brooklyn's finest. Trump by TKO, any day.""""""@GeneralTso316: @realDonaldTrump I have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties I own that cost $125."" At Macy's, great.""""@helfystyle: @realDonaldTrump you've got my vote for anything. I'm ready to go to work!""  Thank you.""""@renovacion: @realDonaldTrump I'd love to see you up against Putin. It'd be quite a match!""  I would win!"Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed"""@WeaverFever12: Everyone I know in western New York wants @realDonaldTrump to be the Bills next owner."" @nflcommish.""""@RWill9584: @realDonaldTrump Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team, but for the city of Buffalo! @nflcommish""""@Humphreychabu: @realDonaldTrump thanx DJT, ua my inspiration! Happy holidays"""I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!"""@ribkamaria1: RT @Pursuitist: Stunning hotel! Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower Chicago. @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago""""@_tamx0: @realDonaldTrump in love with your hotel Toronto location""""""@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I'll be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success. #trump2016""""""@J1En @realDonaldTrump as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team. @nflcommish""""@T_Fox8: @realDonaldTrump for president, the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff."""Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!"""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump A very happy, blessed Easter to you, Mr. Trump.""  Thank you, and you also!""""@StephenCur: First night in @realDonaldTrump hotel in Doonbeg. Great location, accommodation and food. I think Donald is onto a winner."""I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all."""@jywjr As much as Buffalo respected &amp, loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement &amp, prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills."" @nflcommish""""@luciab1 @realDonaldTrump congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida""  Thank you.""""@mjohnstonxoxo   My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech.""  Great!"I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still am—a wonderful actress.Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp, then remove sanctions?"""The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender."" - @ProFootballHOF @buffalobills Head Coach Marv Levy"Remember, if you don’t sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends &amp, the business community hears about your success.CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late."""@brettjamess @realDonaldTrump you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills"" @nflcommish""""@eric_alon you buying @buffalobills would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them &amp, @nfl""@nflcommish""""@df387 @realDonaldTrump buy the @buffalobills we need proven success.""@nflcommish""""@bseybolt11 If @realDonaldTrump buys the @buffalobills and keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend.""  @nflcommish"Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!"""@LaydeePrivatier: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely!""  Thank you!""""@HereisDami: RT @realDonaldTrump: ""The price of greatness is responsibility."" -- Winston Churchill""""""@johnnydevine137  I'm all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald, Trump the competition.""  @nflcommish""""@OwenFetnon @realDonaldTrump you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much.""  @nflcommish""""@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady!"" So true! @MELANIATRUMP""""@Antonhomann  I've really come to like @piersmorgan - probably @realDonaldTrump's best #CelebApprentice"" He was smart and tough!""""@mikeEread  If @realDonaldTrump buys the #Bills, please don't take them out of Buffalo!""  I won't. @nflcommish"America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair."Entrepreneurs:  Ask yourself ""is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.""""@David_Bossie Keep the Bills in Buffalo. @realDonaldTrump can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!""  @nflcommish""""The price of greatness is responsibility."" -- Winston Churchill""""@Cknikita  I'd♡ Love ♡Donald Trump to buy the @buffalobills and Also run for Our President!  #Super Deal #Double #Win Win!"" Thx.@nflcommish""""@NowThatOuimet  if Trump is serious about buying the #Bills &amp, keeping them in Buffalo, sign me up. He’s a game-changer.""  Thx  @nflcommish""""@Michael_Haz  Donald, why don’t you go out to Nevada &amp, cut a deal for #CliveBundy? No one is a better deal maker than you. Go do it!"" True!""""@EllieReynolds4 Trump 2016!!! @realDonaldTrump Rocked it on @seanhannity #GOP #president2016""  Thank you.""""@sherrymcmurry @realDonaldTrump Great interview on #Hannity.""  Thank you.""""@AndyLeeTweets: I'd rather @realDonaldTrump run for president than buy our football team.""  Interesting point!""""@Alertora27 If @realDonaldTrump does buy the Buffalo Bills, they could become a winning team in the near future""  Thanks.  @nflcommish""""@jimmy_arellano  The best thing that could happen to New York sports is @realDonaldTrump  buying the bills"" Thanks. @nflcommish""""@kerps80 @TrumpChicago  @CNJohansens   Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!  The view from the bar is incredible!!""  Thank you.""""@Going4theGreen @realDonaldTrump's Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe ""the best I've ever worn. That's awesome.""  Thx"Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum."""Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results."" - Think Like a Billionaire"“My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.” - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter"""@SI_PeterKing: Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not smart?""  Great point, and also, thank you Peter!"@PriscoCBS  Thank you!"""@neevee31: “@BillRancic:10 yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you @realdonaldtrump 4 a life changing event"""“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” - @DalaiLama“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a ChampionGet Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp, should pay a very heavy price.On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, don’t forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (&amp, everyone) massive US secrets.Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win."""@NickySummer @AlexSalmond Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace!"" True!""""I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.""--Steve Jobs""""@sashamajerovsky: @realDonaldTrump @DLDizel @cspan @cspanPolitics just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!!""  Thanks!""""@KennedyGaels: Thanks for hosting our 5/21 President's Dinner @TrumpNationalNY honoring @IgnatiusPress Founder Fr. Joseph Fessio &amp, @FrDunn""""""@dynamicwil: @realDonaldTrump @Macys love your ties!!""""""@VerizonLGg2: I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance, that I can't use. Was given ONE choice. #NotAChoice!""Oscar Pistorious, ""the blade runner,"" is as guilty as O.J.  I wonder if the result will be the same?"@AlexSalmond-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting Scotland..@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!"""@Houst_: This book im reading by @realDonaldTrump is truly inspiring.""  Thank you.""""@CaledonianGolf: @Raven_kittycat @AlexSalmond Why??? Do you know how difficult storing/harnessing wind generated energy is?"" Impossible.""""@garc8509: @realDonaldTrump no don't buy the #BuffaloBills. Buy the #NewYorkMets #Mets we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!""""@JWysocki91: @realDonaldTrump I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!!""  Thank you!""""@chpnaput:  Donald, you need to promote the GILC, it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!""""Al Sharpton said they are ""even making it more harder to register people to vote"". Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?"Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!Big thanks to @David_Bossie, @Citizens_United &amp, @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.  -- Winston Churchill"""@bahia6085  Thanks. I'm rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on @foxandfriends""  Thanks.""""@TalismanJohnnyA  @reallDonaldTrump Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though.."" @foxandfriends"However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.  -- Winston ChurchillIf the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin ProverbWill be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard..@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win."""@sierkmmm: @realDonaldTrump @ben_techpro @ericbolling @JonathanHoenig @FoxNews I would vote for him"" Watch Eric Bolling this morning on Fox""""@jem72133: @WeeHen82 @realDonaldTrump I look up to him as he is my idol""  Thank you!""""@jennypowers37: @realDonaldTrump run Mr. Trump run!! Get this country back on track.""""""@jethrosteve: @realDonaldTrump @ryanbushby are you considering running Mr Trump?""   YES!""""@miorazhari: Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser. (Donald Trump)""""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump for president! Only man who knows how it actually works in politics!""  Thank you!""""@ben_techpro: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump on #CashinIn tomorrow morning. @ericbolling @JonathanHoenig @FoxNews"""Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -- Albert EinsteinIt's not enough that we do our best, sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill"""@David_in_Dallas @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump Sir, your Chicago Hotel is beautiful!""  Thanks!""""@Birkin_girl @realDonaldTrump @pellscuse11 Not to mention Melanie would be a beautiful First Lady."" I agree!""""@mearnest33 Agree that you as Pres would be a great change but I don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years"" It can be done!""""@MarkSciubbaDoe @realDonaldTrump PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROM @BonJovi AND CANADA #BillsMafia""  I will try!""""@BrklynSportGeek  Just heard you're bidding on @buffalobills. As a buffalo native thank you.""  My honor.""""@matt_grazz @realDonaldTrump @TrumpPhillyGM playing there this weekend #trumpphilly""  Great!""""@pellscuse11 @realDonaldTrump I'd love to see you as President. You can turn this country around!""   Thanks.""""@southpaw816 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait, have never missed a season.""  Great!!""""@SportsMotto: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – Donald Trump""""""@Ja: As I’ve said before, @realDonaldTrump has all of the qualifications necessary to be Real America’s choice for President of the USA!!!""""""@GlobalFlare: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump""""""@Lfarotimi: @realDonaldTrump quote ""you don't have to be ruthless, you have to be smart.""".@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!"Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:""Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds."" -- Albert Einstein"Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationshipsNothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  -- Ralph Waldo EmersonLooking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp, positive message at this Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester.Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC, the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!"""@JEngleLV: @realDonaldTrump had a great stay at #trumplasvegas""  Thank you, people love it!""""@JEngleLV: @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you.""  Great!""""@RabbitR ""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."" - Donald Trump""""""@AbbeyAshir: ""@thequote: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump""""""""@scottienhughes: @realDonaldTrump It falls second to @ApprenticeNBC in my book &amp, it's not near as competitive!  So nice, thank you!""""@ODedOnRealityTV I'm not a golf fan at all. I'd say @ApprenticeNBC is one of the greatest shows on Earth. #Apprentice #CelebrityApprentice""""""@billywmerritt: @realDonaldTrump I am democrat and I would vote for you. #trump2016""  Thank you!"Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!"""@Vesparum @realDonaldTrump another great evening at MacLeod House""  Thank you.""""@Mason_Marcucci: You're definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics. #realworldsolutions""""""@cbreeze65: @realDonaldTrump. The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense.""""""@HappyGuy201: I honestly think @realDonaldTrump would fix the mess this country has become.""  I could and would'""""@DurandSentinus @TeddiLocke I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan &amp, the Founding Fathers did""""@MartinDaryn: @realDonaldTrump what I wouldn't give to see you as president. Let's save this sinking ship!""""""@Tingmanusa: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@EldyCorrea: @realDonaldTrump Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!"""" Yes we do!""""@TeddiLocke: @realDonaldTrump Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity &amp, good moral standing!!""""""@EldyCorrea: @realDonaldTrump Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!""""""@KennicotAsks: @realDonaldTrump Of all the fellow celebrities you've met, which do you consider to be the most humble?""  ME!""""@keithrh: How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration?"" A long time, unless I become Pres.""""@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral  I was!!! Our caddy Mateo understands customer service... Please recognize him Mr Trump""  Great job Mateo, thanks!""""@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral @JJcompitGolf just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!""""""@__Mikey__D: @realDonaldTrump Run for President in 2016""""""@jsalbertousa: I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.""""""@kirkcameronfan @realDonaldTrump @Ddouble_J Mr Trump, what book should we read second?"" Never Give Up -- examples of tenacity.""""@AFCAllaeldein @realDonaldTrump just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliant""  Thanks.""""@RedRoof65 I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September.""  Great""""@Abspara we've spread out our son's vaccines as well. He's all set and no ahem came because of it.""  Great.""""@ScottVanstory   Best President during your lifetime? @realDonaldTrump""  Reagan."“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer"""@EmilioMasella @realDonaldTrump the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you"" Thanks""""@vanillasicks  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! @realDonaldTrump #mentor""  Thanks."Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year."""@Steveleno80 The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads"" Thanks"So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time..@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—&amp, the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket."""@laurence_hasson  Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind.""  Great--enjoy! @TrumpToronto""""@Ddouble_J  @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first?"" My first book, The Art of the Deal.""""@DenizTweets @realDonaldTrump 16 and finished all your books. Awesome."" Great--good luck!"The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!"""@lamodaya: In life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: Donald Trump""".@mcuban says he is a member of Dallas National but doesn’t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? No talent! @TMZSaw @mcuban try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! @TMZ"""@rtracingstables: Donald, you epitomize what America was and I hope will be again. Hard work and determination equals success.""  Thank you!"@kimkotter  Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!"""@ikiibrahim: @realDonaldTrump - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!""  Thank you!""""@GolfSwingShirt Head Pro @ Trump LA, waiters,valet parkers,and complete staff and grounds crew all R class acts..better than Pebble BCH !""""""@ikiibrahim: @realDonaldTrump - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!""  Thanks.""""@GolfSwingShirt @BilldaBeastII Team Golf Swing Shirt just played at Trump LA with Padraig Harrington -great conditions &amp, a beautiful course""""@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016""""""@brucetobin: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote""""""@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @racrboi90 Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late""""@HighlifeLondon: @realdonaldtrump, our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!""""@mike_carrion99: @realDonaldTrump Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit."" Nicely said!"Will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!"""@MikeHemenway: Common sense, guts, smarts, proven leader! @realDonaldTrump what this country needs for president! Retweet if you agree""""@oversplayer: @realDonaldTrump “Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.”  Mickey Rooney""""@jplw70: @realDonaldTrump @Lexi So happy for her too, she played super!""  She is a great player and a great person!"@XenaHer1   Thanks Xena!"""@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red &amp, white!""  Thanks."".@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many ""majors"". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!""""@JoshHodgkinsonn: No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon."" You are right, it has the all-time record!""""@LUTHERVII: @realDonaldTrump do you think Bush Jr. was a good President?"" No, not even close!""""@Bigonbeets: @realDonaldTrump If you could do anything to change the world for the better, what would you do?""  Fire Obama!""""@racrboi90: @realDonaldTrump What influenced you to go into politics?"" It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our ""leaders""!""""@mgmacdon: @realDonaldTrump if they had to say yes, who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice?"" The Pope!""""@_blakecox: @realDonaldTrump mac miller pay you yet??""               90 million hits and no payment yet, but he's been dead since Donald T!""""@DannyZuker: I may disagree with much of what @realDonaldTrump says, but that doesn't mean I think he's a terrible person. Somewhat nice!""""@lagooner111 @TrumpWaikiki pure #luxury! #trump does it the best! 1st class service &amp, I've only been here 30min. Staff is amazing!"" Thanks."Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!"""@LickNenahan: why isnt @realDonaldTrump our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure.""  Very true!""""@Chris_Stocker: Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red, White and Blue huge flag blowing in the yard of @realDonaldTrump"""Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched@katwatson59 Thanks Kat!"""@dchamp5810: @realDonaldTrump @indigoblue65 You are the greatest and You can make this nation #1 in the world just as it once was....""""""@lewisbetesh: @realDonaldTrump @CMHollon  Mr. Trump, look into buying the mets from the wilpons. They are failing nyc"" Very sad!""""@RivalofElmBlock: @TMZ mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than Donald Trump""  I agree - also, in many ways, a total loser!""""@DenZen: Successful people work their asses off to make it, only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly.""""""@DenZen: @realDonaldTrump I love your passion &amp, boundless energy. It's fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal America""""@ndumisozungu22: @realDonaldTrump The only human i would trust to be president""  Thanks!""""@not_that_actor:  I've been cheering u on for many moons. But I'm afraid YOU don't have the passion to ACTUALLY run in '16""  We'll see.""""@dchamp5810: @realDonaldTrump @indigoblue65 you got my vote Mr. Trump...."" Great!""""@khaleejideal: @realDonaldTrump u r my role model since i was 18. Now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration.""""@PbrunnerRr: @realDonaldTrump You should go to Wrestle Manina. Its Good for business. Us Fans want you as President""""""@GodFocker: @realDonaldTrump please run for president, you're the best we've got and i will vote for you in 2016.""""""@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump Donald you should be President, with Bill O'Reilly as Vice P. You would both fight for the abused kids.""""@oldschoolRUSH:Mr T, U should replace Dave! You are Funny, Clever, Smart, Handsome,Charismatic, Insightful,Successful..Like He Has A Twin!""""""@thequote: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump""""""@TristacksEff: @realDonaldTrump would bring us back from this mess @BarackObama put us in. #RunForPresident #2016""  True!""""@indigoblue65: @realDonaldTrump Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?!""  Thank you!""""@FrankyGarbaggio: @realDonaldTrump you are the man plain and simple.""  Thank you, very nice.""""@mnm769: @realDonaldTrump @JHKING17 why don't u do it Donald trump""  Just watch!""""@JHKING17: @realDonaldTrump please do our nation a favor and run for president!! #trump2016""  Somebody good better do that, and fast!""""@bluestar4fan: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News."" True!""""@PatsSoxFan71: @realDonaldTrump @AndrewKirell if you hosted the late show you couldn't run for president. #trump2016""  That is true!""""@BeBeSXM: @realDonaldTrump I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do !""  Thanks"I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN."""@CakeItEasy: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! Excited""  It will be great!""""@AndrewKirell: Hey @realDonaldTrump do you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!""""@pnerrad: @realDonaldTrump they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane, Donald""""""@elkaneh: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @smerconish was just thinking that! What a boring show! Snooze fest!"""I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!"""@Hafizzuddin_MYU: Go for the next President of USA @realDonaldTrump ... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!""""@graciesavy: @HoustonGunn the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments, keep up the good work :)""  Thank you.""""@BradANGSA: @sonnset2 @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump  @GreaseWeezer Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care..""""""There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.""– Aristotle""""@moss92g  Mr. Trump, your children convinced me you R a class act, standing with the folks in Albany was icing on the cake. Thank You!"" Thx""""@BigBro14 @realDonaldTrump Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the Best""  Have fun!""""@__HotDawgs  @realDonaldTrump hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our Entrepreneurship class"" Work hard and good luck!""""@andzi11 @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit"" Thanks""""@Cfwaye  @realDonaldTrump you know what is great about you. You didn't just chase a dream, you envisioned one.""  Thank you.""""@danieljshaw @realDonaldTrump @Letterman was always funny watching you two banter! That will be missed!""  I agree!".@Andre_Reed83  Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. I’m pushing!"""@renee41961 @realDonaldTrump I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! #therealdeal"" Thank you.""""Never let the fear of striking out get in your way."" -- Babe Ruth"I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @Letterman"Ask yourself: ""What can I learn today that I didn't know before?"" Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.""""@1tannedman                   @realDonaldTrump I have about 40 of ur ties wouldn't wear anything else""  You have great taste, thanks.""""@ZacKing30  The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down! @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you!""""@MateoHielo please buy @buffalobills Upstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise #prayersforJK"" Thank you.""""If Trump became president he would do an amazing job, if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail.""  What's your opinion? I agree!""""Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.""-- Samuel Johnson"I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!"""@evneleven: @realDonaldTrump for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country #TrumpforPres #success #awesomeness"""Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks."""If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough."" -- Mario Andretti""""@LoganWeiler11: @realDonaldTrump I am wearing a trump tie today. It is, by far, my favorite tie."" Great - at Macy's!""""@DragonForce_One: @realDonaldTrump Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F""""""@A_Buon  I remember many years ago I hated @realDonaldTrump because the media told me to. I now know he's a true American""  Thanks.""""@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump I'm training my employees today wearing a #trumpcollection #tie #shirt feeling good and powerful!""   Great!""""People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.""-- Andrew Carnegie""""Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest."" -- Think Like a Champion""""@Tyler4rmwc You would make a great President.  If anyone can get us out of debt, it's you sir.  Everything you touch turns to gold."" Thanks""""@MartinJajou Thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for greatness"" Terrific!""""@DonNadeau Thank you so much for supporting a larger Galaxy-like iPhone screen. Even with glasses, current one strains. #Apple""  True.""""@AJFrugoli Thank you for building a beautiful hotel in Vegas that I don't have to cover my children's eyes (or my eyes) when we enter"" Thx""""@tmoulton @realDonaldTrump Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice!"" Thank you. @TrumpLasVegas""""@MonergyTheBook @TrumpPanama In spite of the hype it is a great hotel, I was there when it opened a few years ago."" Thanks.""""@peterienhio @realDonaldTrump nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course! #verysmart"" Thank you.""""@tmoulton @realDonaldTrump Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice!"" Thanks. @TrumpLasVegas"In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!"""@harvey_handy: @realDonaldTrump if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?""  All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.""""@shaneandstamp: @realDonaldTrump your a respected businessman. Why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. You mean GLOBAL W""""@GuyEndoreKaiser: @realDonaldTrump I've read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country!"" That is perhaps true!""""@gretawire: A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pm — you are THE REASON we remain #1 at 7pm!  Great going Greta.""""@TimNaples: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @AberdeenshireCC Wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife.""  True!""""@sowinski_house: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!""  A very wise choice, thanks!""""@KanStalwart3  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans""""""@DrewHutch13  w/ you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$, time and other resources."" @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC"Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp, Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this."""Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail."" -- Ralph Waldo Emerson""""@xadusx @realDonaldTrump @SamJabbo or ""Never give up"" they're all my favorite though, read them all!"" Thanks--good luck!""""@dalasner @realDonaldTrump Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience."" He would have no chance!""""@DrewMadeOFF  RT @realDonaldTrump RT @tx_shaun its #true, he didn't get his show until after he won the @ApprenticeNBC""  True!""""@DrewMadeOFF RT @realDonaldTrump RT @AlexArancio @ArsenioHall It's why he failed originally and will fail again"" It's called disloyal!""""@_MarcoGenovese @realDonaldTrump never give up! That's how you make it happen."" True!"Sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7."""@TheTrueAnthony: Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same without @ApprenticeNBC. How much longer? Shooting now, on in the FALL.".@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!.@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!"""@tripletluv11: @realDonaldTrump @pwnza I think you would make a great kick butt President!!""""""@betsyscribeindc: @realDonaldTrump Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it."" TRUE!""""@thisismendim: @realDonaldTrump i read your book 'Think Like a Champion'. I'm impressed.. It motivated me very much. Thank you.""""@Kramersfarm:  You are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. Big pharma and big Ag control a lot of misinformation. Great job.""""""@OnlyAnnieHorton: @realDonaldTrump @larksnestartist @MagnaSearchGRP Please keep fighting. Three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution.""""""@larksnestartist @MagnaSearchGRP As a pediatrician I have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. Thank you for your efforts.""""@MagnaSearchGRP Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation""""""@ell7654321: @realDonaldTrump If u run for president u have my vote"" Remember that!""""@BlueyesBeauty: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president I would actually go vote for once! #weneedchange #trumpforpresident"" Thanks.""""@CarltonCountry: @johnrich  Do u have any idea when the new season of #CelebrityApprentice will be on?"" In the FALL - shooting now!""""@kenzoeblair: If @realDonaldTrump retweeted me... I'd prob cry. Your tweets make my day.""  Don't cry!""""@Pavlo_Rodriguez: @realDonaldTrump your books inspire me, thanks""  Great.""""@menabazz_: @realDonaldTrump You inspire me.""  Thanks""""@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump I think if you run you'll get a lot of people that wouldn't normally vote.....vote for you""  Thank you.""""@SamJabbo: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 or I'm moving out of the U.S""  You sound very smart!""""@diverojalv: @realDonaldTrump @chrispilz my only concern w/Trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms!""  Very cute!""""@Winger23: Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!""""""@chrispilz: @realDonaldTrump Would you consider running for pres in 2016?""  That absolutely could happen. Our country needs help fast!""""@pwnza: @realDonaldTrump why aren't you president yet?""  A very good question!""""@wmdavid66: @realDonaldTrump @ArsenioHall It is without a doubt true. Arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered.""""@johnrich: One thing about @realDonaldTrump he never sugar coats anything...I'm SURE @Arseniohall is appreciative, as am I.""  Thanks John!""""@DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump ~ I WAS THERE when @ArsenioHall said that. More then once by the way. Just saying, it is #FACT #TRUE!""""""@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump its true, he didn't get his show until after he won the apprentice""""""@AlexArancio: @ArsenioHall doesn't mention Apprentice because his ego won't let him. It's why he failed originally and will fail again""""""@TarrKoziara: @realDonaldTrump @ArsenioHall The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of people's careers.""  Very true!".@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!@PrincessDaytura @realDonaldTrump for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changesTo all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others."""@HrvstFoundation @realDonaldTrump @SamJabbo The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business."" Great!""""@realMikePalumbo  Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous (as all your work). Love the Trump experience""  Thank you."Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don’t, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.Entrepreneurs:  Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be great opportunities right around you.For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?”"""@SamJabbo  @realDonaldTrump i haven't read any of your books yet, which one should i start with?"" The Art of the Deal is a good start.""""Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.""  -- Pablo Picasso"Join @autismspeaks, and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?"""@koos32 @realDonaldTrump Nice picture Donald. I can see where your great looks come from. Your parents did a great job!"" Thanks.""""@realjuliemallen  indeed she was Mr.T she also looks like she was beautiful person as well  Great moms matter they shape who weR"" Thank you""""@KarenHaywood3                               @realDonaldTrump  Both your parents were very nice looking.  Great photo!"" Thank you.""""@Steal70 @realDonaldTrump enjoying the Toronto property for my first time.  Great service from Shane and Ali."" Thank you. @TrumpToronto""""@HN_JAD @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr your Trump Hotel in #Vegas is spectacular. Amazing strip views."" Thank you."Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!"""@GOBNaseem:  Do you think your book from 2004, ""How to get rich"" can still be a gateway to financial success in today's day of age?""  YES!""""@CherylMossTyler: @realDonaldTrump thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. Now 3 classes in some schools""""@saladgyrl: @RockChalkSpence  Someone I know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in Dr's office, was autistic after.""""""@GiorgiMassimo:3 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! You're the best business man, your tips are precious! Thanks in advance"""Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!"""@Bossman140: @realDonaldTrump the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice"""If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM."""@ctsa: @realDonaldTrump when I was a kid, there were 8. Now they give upwards of 31-40. It's an assault on the immune system."""Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!"""@rtesta: Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up!"" True!""""@Shaughnessy89: @realDonaldTrump IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!""""@oben02: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.  @realDonaldTrump""""@william76960376: @realDonaldTrump you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!! #your #awesome""  Wow, thanks!""""@HorneUltimatum: @speednviolence @realDonaldTrump actually not a rich boy school, NYMA gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth!""""""@Zigmanfreud: Please thank @realDonaldTrump for his cool note to me supportive of the ""fight for justice"" for Joe Paterno.""""@CindyCuller2 @realDonaldTrump Love this picture and she was a great beauty!  Thanks for the ""private"" family picture."" Thanks.""""@Jamie_Lynch1  Playing @realDonaldTrump aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out""  Enjoy!""""@Candynecklace2  wow wow wow!!!!! Your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like @MELANIATRUMP 😘""  True!""""@WinstonS6079W   I'm sure they're very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish"" They were great!""""@eruditetina                      @realDonaldTrump Your parents must have been wonderful people. Thanks for sharing."" They were--thanks.""""@AlexandraCMauro @realDonaldTrump any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs?"" Midas Touch is excellent &amp, written for entrepreneurs.""""@jamesholt52 @realDonaldTrump we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man, that is your strength"" Thank you.""""@SamJabbo Trump you inspire me to be successful everyday.""  Great--good luck!""""Edddie24   Mr. Trump is a real American patriot.  You have my vote if you ever ran. 👍""  Thank you.""""@kdharris59 I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that""   Interesting.".@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame."""@Bigjohn6531 You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ..."" True, now Iran has it.""""@ArsenioHall  Come on DT @realDonaldTrump ... fly in! You must visit stage 6!  #arseniohallshow""  It will happen--great going."Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!"""@KierenAsh @realDonaldTrump Run for Prez Donald!!! You'll be great!! What America needs!!! Save us from this Marxist!!!!""  Thank you""""@codymangano @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016  we need you""  Thank you.""""@JaredParker  Please run for President, Mr. Trump! The Republican Party desperately needs someone of your qualifications.""""""@Gmo7  Finally they're filming the celebrity apprentice! Can't wait for the next season 😁 @realDonaldTrump""  Soon!""""@kerrkerr73 @realDonaldTrump then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house.""  Thanks.""""@meade1214 @realDonaldTrump trump for office!! He's a good man!"" I am?""""@RickClement  It's tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. Real leaders lead. Like you Donald!! Please run !!"" Thank you""""@Prayformetoo @realDonaldTrump @wesbart53 How long would Obummer last on ""The Apprentice"" Donald?  #theapprentice"" No comment.""""@snudge11 @ScotlandGolf1 I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course I've ever played."" Thank you--so true!""""@Theodopolis_  Just left The @realDonaldTrump Building in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional.""  Thank you.""""@koos32 Donald. He was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for US in couple years too! #Trump2016""  Thank you.""""@ScutPls  @realDonaldTrump tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur."" Thank you."I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel"""If you're going through hell, keep going."" -- Winston Churchill""""Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."" -- Winston Churchill""""You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."" --  Winston Churchill""Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: ""Never, never, never give up."" ..."If you’ve looked over the years,I’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to ChinaBy Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?"""@wesbart53: Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque, weak. His delivery is so cautious not to offend, absolutely zero""  True!"This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!"Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a ""regional"" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC."President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him"""He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else."" -- Benjamin Franklin""Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: ""Be sincere, be brief, be seated.""  F.D. Roosevelt""""@Marky4792: @realDonaldTrump will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.""""@ritholtz: My understanding is Tim Cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iPhone.""  True!""""You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.""  -- Wayne Gretzky""""@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets ""trump2016"" Thank you""""@jvickersdc  Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca"" Thx""""@AngelProRoofing @TrumpDoral I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far."" Thanks.""""@jeffraissle @realDonaldTrump  When will #CelebrityApprentice be back? I miss TV's best reality show!""  Very soon--shooting now!"Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue."Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off ""March.Madness"", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!"The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FASTWe should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp, surviveI believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!"""We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.""  -- Aristotle"Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SADGreat advice from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” – Mary MacLeod Trump"Great advice from my father: ""Know everything you can about what you're doing."" -- Fred C. Trump""""Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.""  -- Winston Churchill"President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp, China spending?President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!"""Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently."" -- Henry Ford""""Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.""  --  John Wooden""""@CheezitsCat: .@realDonaldTrump what is ur favorite plane?""  Boeing 757 and Citation X."Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit."""@Chris_LaPenta: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need you in 2016.""""""@BrownsMakeMeUgh: It's very important that he fills out his March Madness bracket on SportsCenter while Putin takes over eastern Europe""""""@NoMoMartychenko: I love @realDonaldTrump!"" Great!""""@emilyfashion16: @realDonaldTrump Then you should run for president! I know you could turn this country around.""  I definitely could (fast)""""@B2Tac: @realDonaldTrump they also kill thousands of birds here in CA."" @AlexSalmond""""@johnyc46: @realDonaldTrump @AlexSalmond Windmills in western NY State are a complete eyesore. Beautiful views ruined by propellers.""""""@MaxKnoblauch: Im voting for @realDonaldTrump to b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!!"" And we are truly in a mess!"It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness"""@SecularBobby: @realDonaldTrump hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016""  Very nice!"@DanScavino @APinv @TrumpGolf @billclinton @APHospital  Thanks DanRe Negotiation: Know what you want &amp, think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from &amp, do not underestimate them.Business is an art in itself &amp, powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion"""Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets."" -- Midas Touch""""@TeaPartyThad    @realDonaldTrump man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you!"" Thank you.""""@FrontRowBrian You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... #WRESTLEMANIA... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir.""  Thanks.""""@kunle_jimber                   @realDonaldTrump I just got one of your ""Ties"" such a nice brand."" Great! Thx"""" @MissyCombs38  Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident""  Cute!""""@bllheaded  Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbig""  Thanks""""It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.""  -- Albert Einstein""""@keegster51: @realDonaldTrump you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration #Trump2016""  Thank you.""""@alex_lestari: ""The best investment I made, is the one I didn't make"" (Donald Trump) #APC""  Can be very true!""""@allanschwartz1                     @realDonaldTrump AND YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO.. RUN  FOR PRESIDENT. YOU WILL LOVE IT""  Interesting!""""Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world."" -- Think Like a Champion""""The only way to do great work is to love what you do.""  – Steve Jobs"President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!"""@SDM_TTG: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016!!!! Economic genius is what we need !!!!!!""""""@TroyMeaz: @realDonaldTrump You need to become president before world war 3 starts!""  Do not kid yourself, World War III could happen."Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!"""@Youngdf50:  @PeaceIsWeakness you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Today's world needs a real leader."" Thank you!""""@WondHerful: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr The only reality show worth my time is #CelebrityApprentice. Thanks"Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!"""@PeaceIsWeakness: Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin #Trump2016""""@Joey_Columbo: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. America needs you🙏🙏""""""@rpoole1954: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee #2016 Hopeful""""""@janieRNER: @realDonaldTrump only deal should be Presidential Deal....hurry.  We need help fast!"There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp, some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes."""@Pepper4366 Thought your show would never return. What is start date. #CelebrityApprentice""  Start shooting next week!"Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!“Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”   Anonymous"""The best vision is insight."" -- Malcolm Forbes"I won't be doing Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!"""@garyplayer: What a fantastic test of championship golf. Congratulations to Team Trump on a superb result all round @TrumpDoral. Best"""When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!"""@NateDolphinAL: @realDonaldTrump Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best #betterthanyou""  Thanks!""""@TomNocera: Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender."""Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!"""@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump don't run for governor go for the White House!!! #TrumpIn2016"""The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!"""@juanmalird: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald genius""""""One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again."" -- Henry Ford""""@StandAtTheReady: Putin has eaten Obama's lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. - @realDonaldTrump VERY TRUE!!! #TeaParty""""""@DrJoshMiddleton: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, please consider the presidency rather than NY Gov race. The country is a mess."@MauriceConcha  Thanks!AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute"""@jacoprinsloo12: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero man, keep doing what you are doing.""  Thank you, I will.""""@crpietschmann: @UncleLouie42 @realDonaldTrump also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented?"" BOTH!""""@TimPDion: You may love @realDonaldTrump, you may hate him, but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like Matt Lauer""""@YoungKhalifa_2: “@realDonaldTrump: ""By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail."" -- Benjamin Franklin”""""""@ASenaPhotograph: @realDonaldTrump you are just smarter and better prepared""  So true!""""@Joe_Sutt: @realDonaldTrump Wharton baby!""""""@integgriti: @realDonaldTrump Mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. It is real sad now..."""I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!"""@AlecBordelon: .@realDonaldTrump officially confirms on @TODAYshow this morning-- Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June.""""""@ellentime1: @realDonaldTrump.... loved you on Today!! Your were great!!!""  Thank you!"Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. @Miss USA."""Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.""  -- Abraham Lincoln""""By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail."" -- Benjamin Franklin"I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.JUST IN:  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale."""@NellyBelle25: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, just returned from Chicago &amp, staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST""""@HoustonGunn: So excited for tomorrow to head to #NewYork to tour #Trump Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting @realDonaldTrump""""@carisa01huston: @realDonaldTrump You rock....ditch the haters, and keep speaking the truth. They just don't like what they hear!""""""The secret of getting ahead is getting started.""  -- Mark Twain""""@mattmiller728                         @realDonaldTrump I love all of your books very helpful""  Thanks, good luck!""""You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."" -- Albert Einstein""""@MikeE116 If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. That's what our country needs.""   Thanks.""""Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope!"" Thx.""""@moffiq  Having role models like @realDonaldTrump and @richardbranson is the best thing in life! They set standards &amp, we can follow"" Thx.""""@sendit40 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly, is easy to use to book rooms"" Unlike ObamaCare""""@patrickparuolo                           @TrumpWaikiki @realDonaldTrump going there for my honeymoon in October. Can't wait"" Great!""""@nick_torch   Reasons why I love @realDonaldTrump he isn't afraid to speak his mind and call people out""  True!""""@JoeTorre   Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday @TrumpDoral! The new #BlueMonster lived up to its name""  Thanks Joe.""""Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.""-- Thomas A. Edison""""@Bnmaui: @realDonaldTrump You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider."" I will!""""@rickdavenport8 @TrumpDoral LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!""""""@JonTwolegit: @realDonaldTrump when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air, so I know it must be soon""  Shooting in 2 weeks."The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility.The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes."Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is ""the best course I've ever played"""Will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!"""@dollarmana: @realDonaldTrump. Not sure what was more impressive today....Tiger Woods making 8 birdies or your golf course.""""""@InsideSouthFL: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump You guys are Amazing! The 2014 @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral is #EPIC!""""@TheGrumpyHusky: The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a ""Masterpiece"" - it is Immortal""""""@jtthebossman: @realDonaldTrump Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!""""Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, ""I've never seen a great course that was easy!""""The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a ""masterpiece"" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!""""@stevegbowlin: @realDonaldTrump great speech yesterday. Trump/Cruz 16"" Thank you!""""@stephinkycheese: @gjonesiv @StuartAppleby Yep, what a rough day.. I bet @realDonaldTrump loves the leaderboard looking like a U.S. Open.""""""@d_pardee: My take from #CPAC2014: @realDonaldTrump's speech was better than @RepPaulRyan's 🇺🇸""""""The road to success is always under construction."" -- Arnold Palmer"Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!@sashamajerovsky  Thanks Sasha!"""@PuertoRicoOpen: “@EJmedshoppe: @PGATOUR @PuertoRicoOpen @realDonaldTrump course is beautiful. I played there in 2012.”""""""@CullenThaDude: @realDonaldTrump for president #greatman""  Thank you!"The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp, standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!"""Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude, work and luck.""  -- Think Like a Champion""""Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world."" -- Think Like a Champion""""We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.""-- Gary Player""""The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience."" --Midas Touch""""You're never a loser until you quit trying."" -- Mike Ditka"Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire."""@IbeJakeB    Just read  Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for @FlowWraps thank you &amp, Robert too!"" Thank you, good luck!"@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, sounds good to me!@colleencpa Thanks Colleen!Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.""".@KirschnerDavid                         @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump on making @Forbes list of wealthiest in the world."" Thanks!"".@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie &amp, @realDonaldTrump #DCBound"" Thanks."Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!.@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!"New York Magazine just named the most influential ""tweeters"" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!""""@lilydashevsky: @realDonaldTrump I'm skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your #CPAC2014 speech! Any hints on the topic??""""""@brendakenesonwe: @realDonaldTrump @kostoff2 @TrumpDoral , Based on the photos and articles I've read,""It's Beautiful""""  Thank you!""""@KEEMSTARx: If @realDonaldTrump was president, middle class would make more $. I honestly think he could keep Jobs in America! So true-easy""""@JWIAdvisory: @TheEllenShow you did a great job at the Oscars, despite what @realDonaldTrump is saying!"" Oscars sucked, Ellen off her game!""""@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp, how much they are looking fwd to it.".@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!"""@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp, how much they are looking fwd to it."Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!@TheEllenShow  Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!"""@abbysullz: @realDonaldTrump your tweets made my night""""""@viclillo: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014#Oscars""""""@scorpio_man1973: The best ending to the #Oscars would have been @realDonaldTrump saying ""You're Fired""""""""@pandoerra: @realDonaldTrump I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump #oscars"" MUCH BETTER!""""@DianeLMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?""  We shall see!""""@CATHCO9: @boboxm103nyc Goes to @realDonaldTrump Best tweets of the night."" #Oscars""""@BC4040: @realDonaldTrump Thank God it's over!""""""@elkaneh: @realDonaldTrump thanks for a memorable oscars!"" #Oscars  No problem.""""@dp1489: Ha I didnt have to watch the #2014Oscars thanks for keeping me updated @realDonaldTrump""""""@reza_rezvani: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President. This country needs you. #Trump2016"" zip. I know!  #Oscars"What is he reading? #Oscars"""@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Only 1 solution for the Oscars, Trump as host"""M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars"""@rickruff23: @realDonaldTrump So true. Ellen is a train wreck""""""@williamn95: @realDonaldTrump is my favorite celebrity/business man, please run for president we need someone competent"" So true!""""@vlasaro: @realDonaldTrump You inspire me to keep going on every day""""""@CashMoneyBonas: @realDonaldTrump I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars""""""@JoshGliege: @realDonaldTrump is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is, which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016"""Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars"""@nate_north43: @realDonaldTrump is the man"" So true!"Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars."""@PattyWagSwag: @realDonaldTrump run for president please.""""""@benjamin_mayne: @realDonaldTrump You've won me over. Great job tonight."" I'm not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks! #Oscars""""@christuhglo: @realDonaldTrump I love how you handle the haters"" You mean the haters and losers!"This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars"""@jshah500: @realDonaldTrump You are the most negative person I've ever followed.""  Thank you!"This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""@AMENREMINISCE: @realDonaldTrump hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International :)"""They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #OscarsLittle Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars"""@BRAD_R0BINS0N: @realDonaldTrump is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. Hilarious!""""""@thrashingkitty: Hahaha @realDonaldTrump is killing it with the #oscars tweet.""""""@johnnyhabit: @realDonaldTrump why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius, asshole!"Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars"""@wee_eats: best part of #theoscars so far is reading @realDonaldTrump's twitter account"" I agree!"I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #OscarsEllen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #OscarsDo you believe this singing? #OscarsWhich is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?They must be kidding - can this be happening #OscarsCertain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #OscarsI should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!Just terrible! #OscarsIs this boring or is it just me? #Oscars"""@ericksonrt05: @realDonaldTrump but my new trump ties rock!!!"" That's true!"I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars"""@BeaumontAnthony: If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now""""""@tx_shaun: @realDonaldTrump your tweets make my day your awesome"" Thanks!""""@RogerJStoneJr: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP-PAUL 2016 ?"""Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week"Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer ""hot""""""@RajeevSamtani: Get in, get it done, get it done right &amp, get out - Donald Trump"" Actually, told to me by my father, Fred Trump.""""@RexHuppke: I'm holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it."" Very smart!""""@TimmyVafides: Just received my order of @realDonaldTrump brand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market."" Thanks!""""@David_GriffinJr: @realDonaldTrump @SenRandPaul great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius!"" Thanks, it was a lot of fun"Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!"""@BElizondo2: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question!"" Thanks.""""@Ehab_Eassa:  Most don't know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!""""""@bldrnr69: @realDonaldTrump thoughts on Ukraine? Plz run for President so we can have real leadership for US!"""China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife @RealRomaDowney did a fabulous movie, @SonofGodMovie- see it!I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!"Obama just stated ""he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH"" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp, Harvard?"Lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. He’s got plenty more to worry about!.Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi."""@barrettag: Had a meeting with an ex Trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good &amp, nice you are to employees. So cool.""""""@iam_nixz: ""You have to think anyway, so why not think big?"" - @realDonaldTrump xXx""""""@mwgfdn: Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!""""""@IamTN_Cheru: RT @realDonaldTrump: Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."""Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation."""Experience is not what happens to you, it's what you do with what happens to you.""  -- Aldous Huxley"Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp, possibilities, &amp, thinking too small can negate a lot of them.Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."""@HoldingUpThree                       @realDonaldTrump You're a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS!""  Thanks.""""@shawcrossblue             @FinestGolfHoles @realDonaldTrump this looks epic! I need to play this course!!""  It is great!""""@AndyDubaingltd                       @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump,you were created for our generatıon""  Wow!""@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that ""we're in the problem solving business.""  So true!""""@lookingforward8                    @realDonaldTrump words of wisdom from the ""pro"" himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt,3""  Great!""""@high_altitude1  Watching a program about @realDonaldTrump private 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautiful""  Thank you.""""@JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run &amp, would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year.""Thx""""@11SummerB  As a Dutchess County resident, that is the absolute truth! It's a course and facility to be proud of, Mr Trump!""   Thank you.""""@StevePike9                 @realDonaldTrump @KieranLalor You've done the same thing at Doral Mr. Trump. Congrats"" Thank you.""""@metrolinkFAILS                              @KieranLalor Mr Trump it's called Envy. Easy as that."" But so much $$ is raised for charity.""""@Emily_Ellyn                      Love playing the Links in Scotland! GORGEOUS @FinestGolfHoles! @realDonaldTrump""  Thank you.""""@PeteDahlgren  I find myself constantly thinking about MOMENTUM thks to you.  Keep giving great advice, we are listening.""  O.K.""""@rabidcop109                    thanks Donald for the biz tips... Really have me feeling like I can go do this!! Great ideas""  Terrific!""""@davidvnyc   Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline. #IloveNY""  Thank you.""""@Lakers305                           @realDonaldTrump  I'm hearing #TrumpNationalDoral course looks spectacular! Miami is waitin for you!"""Just did final purchase on fabulous @LodgeatDoonbeg in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp, Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day."""@RayTirado                          @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to meeting you at #CPAC2014 ... #askhardquestions""  Great!""""@OrangeBlood16 #Syracuse is about to be a little more lively, @realDonaldTrump to visit for Republican fundraiser"" Looking forward to it!"With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39"""@Gina660: @realDonaldTrump R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House.""""""@RustyPool1: @realDonaldTrump You know, America, whether you like him or not, Trump was 100% correct on this one."""Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!"""@TheSergioGarcia Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week!"" Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then"Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth."""@darealfito: @realDonaldTrump not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!"""Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?"""@BarrusTJ:  Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016""""""@mvmoreno1961: “@pmdino007: @realDonaldTrump @stewart5337 You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).""""@kathy1453: @realDonaldTrump @DannBushh I'm one of them. You'd be an excellent president.""""""@ChrisFoley_: Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrow @realDonaldTrump"" GREAT!""""@getownedbyjones: .@realDonaldTrump @DannBushh #America needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations.""""""@sobakawa89: @realDonaldTrump  He'll never run, can you really imagine Trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust?"" I' ve done worse!""""@_xx_justme: “@realDonaldTrump: @realDonaldTrump I think you should run for president."" So do many others - thanks!” You have my vote""""""@kelsey_2155: @realDonaldTrump you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much.""   We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!""""@DannBushh: @realDonaldTrump I think you should run for president."" So do many others - thanks!"Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!"""@wwulffy: @AllenWest @SenTedCruz @realDonaldTrump proud to have you 3 on our side !"" Thank you.".@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!"""@BARMES_andnoble: If donald trump runs for president I will be beyond happy...if he wins I will be beyond, beyond happy"" So nice, thanks!""""@leoncekakore: @realDonaldTrump what is the secret behind your success?"" Good ideas and concepts but, beyond everything, I NEVER QUIT!""""@ChroniclePM: @realDonaldTrump for president- and some ignorant fools don't understand I am campaigning for him_ dead heads-- @iStartTrend.""""@cstevechristyjr: @realDonaldTrump the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P!""  True!""""@tnaps85: If Donald Trump is our next president, America will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. Amen and alleliua""  True!""""@browardpolitics: Conservative leader Al Cardenas describes @realDonaldTrump as a true patriot./AM"" Great.""""@ShapiroJD: @realDonaldTrump rebar at Trump International Chicago is awesome.""""""@jkmartin16: @realDonaldTrump for POTUS 2016/@MELANIATRUMP for FLOTUS!! 🇺🇸""  I can tell you with certainty, she would be great!""""Great minds have purposes, others have wishes."" --Washington Irving""""Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.""-- Samuel Johnson""""@mfantauzzo1: please save this country Mr. Trump, going to take a business genius to clean up Obamas mistakes. You got my vote!""""""@Rampage_31: @realDonaldTrump If you run sir you have my vote!!! #trumpforpresident"" Thanks.""""@ElnsKitty: @realDonaldTrump You're brilliant!""  I know, but thanks anyway!""""@KhadeejaNicolle: @realDonaldTrump if u run 4 #POTUS that's the only way I'll vote republican. Pls consider running. U'd be g8t!!!""n Thanks""""@AlexEveslage: @realDonaldTrump should be president. He could get things DONE.""  That is so true!""""@Pekastar: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 and that's all i'm going to say!"" Thanks!""""@MichaelKakos: @realDonaldTrump when and if you run, you will be my first president that I vote for in my life!  #trump2016""""""@BryantCope:  this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances. #TrumpForPOTUS""""""@nsugra: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in #palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters! Great!""""@barrman: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote !""""""@lakehostetler: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, in a nutshell, what is my best course of action to succeed?"" Great ideas and hard work!""""@ChrissstinaC: @realDonaldTrump Is apprentice coming back on the air? #donaldforpresident"" YES, start shooting in two weeks - SEASON 14!""""@TimothyRosinski: @realDonaldTrump If you run for POTUS. You will WIN! Just think about that.""  Thank you.""""@MarioFMartinezz: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@Marshall_Cook: @realDonaldTrump how do you feel about Kevin O'Leary from shark tank? Reminds me of you."" But I have much more money &amp, hair""""@DavidInspired: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. This country needs your wisdom.""  I agree, thanks!""""@Stelmo757: @realDonaldTrump @KingRex9 @MichaelWacha come play Trump's course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You won't be disappointed!""""""@WalshFreedom: @realDonaldTrump @KieranLalor or ""buy my books, or chocolate, or water, or my clothing line."" And make me money, dopey!""""@megan_lumetta: I've been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and I'm pretty proud. @realDonaldTrump""  Great!""""@KieranLalor: .@realDonaldTrump why didn't you just add ""Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice""?"" A very good point!".@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!"""@michelleneuf: @realDonaldTrump  We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity."""".@KieranLalor  I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be ""Fired."""I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp, made it a great success plus many jobs. @KieranLalor should be thankful."""@AndyWHumphreys                     Trump National Hudson Valley is a gorgeous course. Amazing improvements.@RobAstorino @KieranLalor"" Thx".@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. @willweatherfordIndividual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.-- Vince Lombardi"""@woodrowwinters                           you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly."" Thx""""@Cmac23Jenkins: I dont care how old it is, I will always get so pumped up when I listen to Donald Trump."" Really nice (sort of?)!""""@tspohn: I think it'd be cool if @realDonaldTrump ran in 2016. He'd get my vote"" Great!""""@alexrasey: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat 🇺🇸"" Thanks."Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?"""@M_Brannstrom @realDonaldTrump inspires me. Every day.""  Thank you.""“@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!""  True, thx"@ron_fournier  Actually, I like you!Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible &amp, insightful article this weekend on failing &amp, irrelevant @BuzzFeedFor the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical &amp, well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp, irrelevant @BuzzFeedNY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.Internal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino  in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if party is not unified."""@graeme123s I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes"" Thanks""""@DaveDautel                     Been following you since your book ""Art of the Deal"". Thank you for your words of wisdom &amp, insights""  Thx.".@willweatherford @FLGovScott Gaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue..@FLGovScott  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck!I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state."""@Ructions77                    @realDonaldTrump Hey Donald will ur new Irish Golf Course be close to Shannon Airport ?""  Yes.""""@CelebBiach                        @realDonaldTrump @IrishCentral @LodgeatDoonbeg welcome to Clare!"" Thank you!""""@SovereignChadG  When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National?"" March 5th.".@AlexSalmond sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said “no way!”My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!"""@brasicingbras: @realDonaldTrump let the haters hate, Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from @Macys #trump2016"" Great!"Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD."""@Nospin_43: @realDonaldTrump @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.""""""@samraj25: @realDonaldTrump i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super"""@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith."""@IamEbbot: @realDonaldTrump Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...""""""@amarudacosta: Sadly @realDonaldTrump was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible"""I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!"""@RColdwellBanker: I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a #trumptie to say I'm on top of my game and successful.""""""@fastercarrrrrrr: @realDonaldTrump why are you not running for president in 2016"" We'll see what happens!""""@SpinningDisk: @realDonaldTrump Ignore them Mr. Trump. Don't waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them."" LOSERS!"Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!"""Coming together is a beginning, keeping together is progress, working together is success."" -- Henry Ford"Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp, @BuzzFeed are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp, speech not reported. @PiersMorganThank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate @BuzzFeed site &amp, slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan @AmSpec"""@Michael_KSC: @realDonaldTrump @thedropkicks Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it."It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't workDo you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable"""@tahanna: @realDonaldTrump hope one day we'll be honoring you on Presidents Day.""  So nice!"Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp, Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7."""@kathyshirer: Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World, That can get us out of debt!"" Thank you!""""@rm61307: Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump @GovChristie If Mr.Trump will not run in '16, Christie is the answer. No B/S, no bowing!""""@chrismashimbyi: The Art Of The Deal by @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest books ever!""  Thank you!"@loveandgarbage  Never said it, a total misquote."""@SheridanBetts: Can't wait for #CPAC because of @realDonaldTrump.""  I look forward to it also."I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!"""@bushpiggy: @realDonaldTrump jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT.""""""@HelsCahill: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!""""""@fitbafan: @neaver82 @realDonaldTrump the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority (Scotland)."How come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!@mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed"""@minlarrycornel: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral Spectacular! Please keep up the good work @minlarrycornel"" Thank you.""""@enviroclean519 @TrumpChicago my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful place,amazed that all the staff remembered our name""""""@AdamEdinburg: @realDonaldTrump was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??"""@LodgeatDoonbeg  One of the great places on the planet,  and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!"""@YoungSinatra: Donald trump is still my favorite Mac Miller track""  Mac has certainly done well with me! How many hits now on Twitter?""""@MarkAdamsBball: ""Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing.""- Donald Trump #Passion""""A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish &amp, boring Trump ""hit""""""@DrewMadeOFF: RT @realDonaldTrump: ""I never did a day's work in my #life. It was all #fun."" -- Thomas A. Edison""""""@FaizerMiami: @realDonaldTrump best advice from the best leader"""Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day."""I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun."" -- Thomas A. Edison""""@brianfinn96: @realDonaldTrump Will you be coming to Doonbeg ??""  Yes, very soon.""""@joandkev8: @realDonaldTrump what the date of celebrity apprentice I'm excited to see it""  Start shooting in 3 weeks.""""@WaApples: @realDonaldTrump Valentine's Day and wife's 40th @TrumpChicago this weekend!!"" Great."@TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the @CadillacChamp"""@richtweett                @realDonaldTrump Please do the same thing for the Whitestone Bridge! Thanks Donald Trump!"" I will try!""""@LongetTerer: Donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement""""""@reexaminelife  Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations"" Thx.""""@therealTMac11 @TrumpSoHo My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful, but the service is outstanding."" Thank you.""""@JakeJuliot          @realDonaldTrump When will we know the cast for the next season of #celebrityapprentice?"" Very soon.""""@dasboot96  Scotland's loss for being short sighted.  Wish you every success with the new club."" Thank you.  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC"I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with @Yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!"""@DatAdamGuy                         @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo hotel looks great, can't wait to build something just as epic"" Good luck!"The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCCMy new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!"""@stewart5337: Hi, Don't know why it took me so long to follow you.Welcome to Ireland looking forward to visit your new Golf Club""""""@RobertUndefined: @realDonaldTrump is the real deal, he is the man!"" Thanks!""""@lkoja: Excited for #CPAC @realDonaldTrump true inspiration to many Americans"" Thank you.""""@richardson1232: @realDonaldTrump is my role model. One of the best Americans out there."" Thank you Mike."Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!"""@Augustleo14: @realDonaldTrump @T_Sharp4 I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! I've loved him for years!""  Thanks!""""@PIERPAOLOMONNI: I definitely agree with @T_Sharp4! @realDonaldTrump really hope you will run for President!"" Thank you!""""@mbmirish: @realDonaldTrump congrats on your purchase in Ireland. How do I apply to work there?"" Write to manager Joseph - good luck!""""@T_Sharp4: Donald Trump would be the most ideal President"" Thank you!""""@MandreinaHP                          you're one of my idols, from age 15 I read your books, at 18 I started my company. Thanks"" Great!"@DanScavino Thanks Dan.Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp, NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful  people!If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCCMy sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!  @LodgeatDoonbeg"""Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other."" -- Abraham Lincoln""""If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves."" -- Thomas A. Edison""""Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.""  -- Think Like a Champion"If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbegLooking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!“Remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – Think Big"""Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work."" - Think Like a Champion"Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!"""@nabalab: @realDonaldTrump with Wrestlemania coming up, any chance of renewing your ""rivalry"" with @VinceMcMahon? #YoureFired"" Ask Vince!""Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my ""twitter"" it is a total scam!""""@ann_eads: @realDonaldTrump I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.""""""@mega1123: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump, put @derekhough on your show #CelebApprentice?""  He would do great!""""@GolfSwingShirt: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington !""  Say hi to PADRAIG!"@dualheadedeagle  True and thanks!@K_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!Doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough@WesleyCooler3  But nobody asked-a great school!"""Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive."" - Think Like a Champion"How does frumpy &amp, little read @nytimes editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollinsNever allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power."""Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. Don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks.""  Think Like a Champion""""Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.""-- Steve Jobs""""An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.""-- Benjamin Franklin"The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!"When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly ""STUPID"" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?"Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$"""Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs, security, and well-being for others."" - Midas Touch"Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws."""Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them."" - Think Like a Champion"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--Thomas A. Edison"""Chance favors the prepared mind.""-- Louis Pasteur"The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year."""@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties."""I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.Enjoy the Super Bowl!"""@TrumpCollection: A great time was had by all at @TrumpDoral's Gary Player Villa opening.""""@LaurD123: Oh hey I saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with Donald trump"" @oreillyfactor will do great today with interview of O!""""@bhughes657: I wonder if NBC will have #RachelMaddow interview Donald Trump before the Olympics?""  Would get GREAT ratings!""""@realKeithPatton: Congratulations @realDonaldTrump on your legal victory.""  Thanks!""""@AladesuruA: i am now a big believer in @realDonaldTrump THINK BIG strategies...."""Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S."""@linclonone  Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on fox""  Thank you""""The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided, but never hit softly."" -  Theodore Roosevelt""""@KevinWeatherbee '--tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!' Saw this coming"" Thx""""@GodFatha702 @AGSchneiderman Let's see if MSM reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation."" Thanks""""@OBrienMurray                       Let's hope the press covers the loss for @AGSchneiderman as they did the false charges!"" Thanks."To Jamie Dimon—I love kicking lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s ass. Stop settling and fight!Lightweight @AGSchneiderman just got his ass kicked by Trump!For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!"""@bagomaan_87                          Never learned so much from one book, you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant."" Thx.""""@jtatsuno                          @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, it's commendable that you have over 2.5 million Follows....""  Thank you."""" @WealthyJACK                     @realDonaldTrump True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump.""  Thanks.""""@mattj4226                       My day was made when I read that you will be speaking at my first #CPAC!""  I hope you like it!""""@danrothweil                 Donald wins again with the best brain break tweet (Aristotle quote). Thanks and back to work."" Thank you.""""@IDollyLenz  RIGHT ON! “Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results."" Thanks Dolly!"Looking forward to being hosted by @NickLangworthy’s Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries"""For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."" -- Aristotle"“Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable, expandable, predictable, and financeable.” – Midas Touch"""@robertfritz308                       @realDonaldTrump can u please wish me a happy birthday! I'm a big fan! Thank you."" Happy Birthday."“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a BillionaireAre Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”"""@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump is our future. Only he can turn our country around. #TRUMP2016""""""@AceBuey: @realDonaldTrump sadly, HBO had no morals and gave that garbage another show @billmaher""  BOYCOTT HBO!"With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?"""@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL......""  True, and it would be easy!""Remember when ""comedian"" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?""""@sherrymcmurry: @realDonaldTrump .....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary.""""""@vicki_cedeno: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President? That would be so awesome!"" Nice!""""@ou_sg: @realDonaldTrump, Please Mr.Trump America needs someone like you to help our country. Trump 2016 for President."" Thank you!""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Success rule-Surround yourself w/successful people. Do it with twitter. Follow Trump=Success.""""""@GropperBlotter:I've been listening to @Espngreeny &amp, @espngolic for years.The @realDonaldTrump interview today is an all-timer, sensational""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Timeless Classic.""  So nice!"Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark TwainOnce ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp, worse care. Job killer!"""If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?"" - Think Like a Champion"Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickensAlways leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys, fantastic show!Mike &amp, Mike in one minute!I will be on the Mike &amp, Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!"""@peyton2419: Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union."""Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!"""Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art &amp, working is art &amp, good business is the best art."" A. Warhol"Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage."""It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer."" -- Albert Einstein"How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!"""@HMunjal: @realDonaldTrump When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune?"" Very soon!""""@LangWillar: @realDonaldTrump When? If it was before today, you're good. If you sold it today, not that good..."" I sold it last week!"I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stockApple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. EdisonFor entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can."""@kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work."" I will, thanks!"Will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!"""@betterhermann: @realDonaldTrump What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision."""Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!"""@dawson_Stock: Don't forget. ""Global warming"" can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!"""NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?"""@nandigold13: @realDonaldTrump thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best""  Thank you!""""@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump It all starts at@Trump Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!"Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.When times are difficult, you must be even more focused. That’s when you will find profitable opportunities.For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @ApprenticeNBC!"""You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.""  Albert Einstein""""You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself."" -- Think Like a Champion"Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks."""@ASenaPhotograph Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016"" Happy Birthday."Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves."""@jjprl: Just left @TrumpDoral what an amazing spot. @realDonaldTrump and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself #doral""""@LA_Reid: ""I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big."" -Donald Trump #BeEpic"""“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike DitkaPeople often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going."""Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.""  Henry Ford""""@brianerbland                     @realDonaldTrump is the best choice for NY, it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP"" Thanks."Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00"""@GunBunInTheOven: .@realDonaldTrump YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMP""  I agree, thanks!".@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!"""@bbeltku: Named my first born son after @realDonaldTrump Hope he lives up to the name!""  He will be a total winner!""""@jesale84: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?  Many things""""@mckprk: @realDonaldTrump is my inspiration to be great"" Work hard and smart!""""@RealMaky: I really look up to @realDonaldTrump his work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart 🙏""""""@benlouix: @realDonaldTrump you are the most influential man in the world. And @RSherman_25 is a close second after tonight's game""""""@ChadSheridan: I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents, grandparents, and yes, @realDonaldTrump the guy is smart.""""@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4Prez""  Thank you!""""@Badash78: @realDonaldTrump @ToddThomson12 @RSherman_25 Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.""""""@sendrajeremy: Can only try to be as successful as the @realDonaldTrump #GetKatapulted""  Work hard!""""@ToddThomson12: Is there enough room for @RSherman_25 and @realDonaldTrump egos in NYC at the same time?"" YES!""""@JLsmoothh: @realDonaldTrump run for president please""""""@ALLEN1328: @realDonaldTrump Next president of the U.S.""""@hartataq81: @realDonaldTrump @arabinkid88 when you going to be our new POTUS""  Only time will tell - thanks!""""@istoddisgood: @realDonaldTrump Even in Australia you're an inspiration!""  Thanks!""""@jakematt1999: In all honesty if @realDonaldTrump would enter into politics I'd be his number 1 supporter, even though I'm in liberal #NC""""@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump Trump National@Doral will be a very special PGA event 2014""""""@akers_joshua: @pearlingjosh Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you."" Thanks!""""@arabinkid88: @realDonaldTrump true inspiration to many people including myself #StriveForGreatness""""""@rcarlc: @realDonaldTrump amen. You’re an American #Hero"" Thank you so much!""""@pearlingjosh: You are a big inspiration to me Mr.Trump. I'm 24,Ugandan.When I make it,I will call my first business In D.J.Trump we Trust""""""@LacroixRoxane: @realDonaldTrump I believe you as all your Children are poised, respectful and genuine. Good job :)""  Thanks Roxane!"To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!Wow, just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics &amp, Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.@EdwardFCox and @RobAstorino, who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan@NewYorkGOP leader Ed Cox’s record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.@BreitbartNews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrew’s legacy lives on.Looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for Politics &amp, Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPoliticsLightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted, see you at the show!I would like to thank a great writer and person, @JPappasPR., of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - John WoodenWhere is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with ObamaGabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued)."""@WLynton                            It's my 30th B Day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?""  Happy Birthday""""@tonyge0101                  @realDonaldTrump  why don't you buy your own team? You'll be the best owner ever!""  Thanks.""""@akers_joshua I've read 3 books from @realDonaldTrump &amp, the best advice is in all three. ""Do something you're passionate about.""  Great.""""@1JeffHensley                      I'm a Yankee fan &amp, I agree whole heartedly. He aint worth it never was . TRUMP 2016!""  Great, thx.""""@OsamaBinBallinn: Out of all the ""celebrities"" @realDonaldTrump is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!"A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!"""@SpenceGarcia805: @realDonaldTrump is the man!! Huge inspiration"" Thanks!""""@dustinjm19: @realDonaldTrump a retweet today = a new tie purchase from Macy's tomorrow.""""@RDPomin: @realDonaldTrump Trump needs his own Late Night Show!""""""@JerseyShoeLace: I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow @realDonaldTrump on a daily basis"" You can't live without it!""""@robmotmotcally: @realDonaldTrump good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ?? #scotland""  Record business!""""@MichaelSteele: Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@ichicagoscott:  Thanks Michael, it will be the best -  keep up the great work!""""@joannakirshner: Enjoying my stay at the beautiful @TrumpPanama. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!""""@JacksBeach: @realDonaldTrump @jeffredman5 Trump's a strong leader. Letterman is a weak, passive, insecure person."" Thanks, but he is good!""""@MarkMizzouSteel: @realDonaldTrump @ichicagoscott @TrumpChicago Trust me, I have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!""""""@ichicagoscott: @realDonaldTrump how would you describe @TrumpChicago in one word?""  Magnificent!""""@johnnyb23390: @realDonaldTrump - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!"""Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?"""@SolomonDodson: @realDonaldTrump someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!!""  Thank you!""""@mustbeAT_15: I'll be just like you one day @realDonaldTrump"" You can do better than that!""""@arqpallares: Finally,Punta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missed @IvankaTrump this year and hope to see you in the opening!""""""@str8thinker: As president @realDonaldTrump would surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrity""  TRUE!""""@RyleyRLynn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!""  Thank you""""@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT.""  There is plenty to straighten out!""""@dintres: @realDonaldTrump we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation!  SO TRUE!""""@PREACHPALERIDER:  begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is America's last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.""""""@haventravel: @realDonaldTrump you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.""""""@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump my family is going to Hawaii &amp, I told them to go to @TrumpWaikiki I told them that yours' are the best!""""""@TinaPiper: @realDonaldTrump so ready for another #celebrityapprentice I love love that show!""""""@jennamstrachota: @realDonaldTrump Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.""""""@KcLivegreen: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!"""@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!"""@ApprenticeNBC: Sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! Happy birthday, Holly!"Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable."@cmo626 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?""  The Art of the Deal is a good start.""""@CarolynGoltman  It's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if I could get a retweet from such an inspirational man :-)"" Happy Birthday""""@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump where can I get these ties ?"" @Macys and Trump Tower.""""@robsine: Wearing my @realDonaldTrump tie today. Gonna be a great day. #confidence #wishihadfiveofthem"" Great!""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president, only you can save the #USA""""""@_cnolan: We need someone like or @realDonaldTrump himself for President in 2016!"" Thank you!""""@Dave_Brown_: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president he has my vote"" Thanks!""""@MichaelRCaputo: Catch @realDonaldTrump on Fred Dicker's @TALK1300 radio show Tuesday at 10AM re: the governor's race. LISTEN LIVE:""""@pruett_jason: @realDonaldTrump Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! #followtheleader"""Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!"""@D_Cash_honey: @realDonaldTrump I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you.""  So nice, thanks!"Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp, setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors."""@PIERPAOLOMONNI                     @realDonaldTrump @ArekRNBN Definitely a great book! Think like a Champion, to be a Champion!""  Thanks.""""@KarateMomCCM                      You are an inspiration and I admire your honesty, perseverance and business sense.""   Thank you.""""@FlushingHearing             @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday""10 AM/ Las Vegas/Great!""""@ejfriday                     @realDonaldTrump Wow DonaldTrump for pres...America prepare for exceptional Greatness. Cheers"" Thanks.""""@betterhermann                 @caleb2207 @oreillyfactor I think a show on Fox w/Donald Trump would be something to look forward to."" Agree""""@jjprl @TrumpDoral  what an amazing spot. Donald Trump &amp, his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself"" Thx"@jglenstevens No, we need a great businessman.@Helena_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults."""@vijaychopra7       U are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts"" Thank you.""""@CaliPaulMichael                     @realDonaldTrump do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you??"" Yes.""""@nikkisue69: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt  Jeb is such a lightweight""""""@nsatte: @realDonaldTrump I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great, like I knew your brand would be."" From Serta!"Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!"""@Sunflowers362: @realDonaldTrump I have been reviewing my options for this #Obamacare it has me with #sleepless #nights. I'm worried!"""@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!"""@CarmineValenti: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President,everyone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets, They'll be 162-0 every year"The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!"""@gjcream: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners."" Thank you!""""@HeelsofsteelAH: @realDonaldTrump Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!""""""@RGhilinoCLU: I bought a couple beautiful @realDonaldTrump ties at @Macys today. Guaranteed to look sharp this week."""I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!"""@IvankaTrump: .@GolfDigestMag predicts that @realDonaldTrump is Golf's greatest builder today. #BlueMonster #Aberdeen #FerryPoint"""Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats."""@elizabethtrivis: @realDonaldTrump @G0D_ you will get my vote""  Thanks!""""@G0D_: @RealShaneHiles @realDonaldTrump until @realDonaldTrump a proven job creator &amp, inspiration for the common man""""""@DarleneMichele: @realDonaldTrump @G0D_ u would definitely be our best looking president ever :)""  Thank you, very nice!""""@stephencranford: @realDonaldTrump that's awesome! #Trump4President #TRUMP2016""""""@chrisexpress5: Only @realDonaldTrump could help this country out of the hole it's in. #Trump2016""""""@Jenylyn23: @realDonaldTrump what would be your first action as President?""  TO END OBAMACARE!""""@G0D_: @realDonaldTrump WHEN WILL WE HAVE ANOTHER PRESIDENT LIKE REAGAN? #TRUMP2016""""""@emanuelcenerini: @realDonaldTrump I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others"" Thanks!"In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!"""@BillDMeyer1971: @gretawire @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews We need him as governor... this state is a mess....."""Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business."""_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. ""Respect"" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country."" Thx""""@skyblue2050                   @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it!""  Thank you.""""@PRINCEOMEGA                 @ZagatChicago @realDonaldTrump @SixteenChicago BRAVO!!!""  Thank you. @TrumpChicago""""@CircleofDocs                    @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago we love the Trump Chicago. Great place to live and visit.""  Thank you.""""@brad4634  A beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! Thanks for making Chicago more beautiful than ever!!"" Thank you.""""@elspryte                    @realDonaldTrump fantastic point of view, 95% of uk would agree with you there"" @AlexSalmond""""@tinaclean               @realDonaldTrump when is your Vancouver BC hotel going to be finished?"" 18 months.""""@L100RAN                       Agree!  The best thing @AlexSalmond can do is start telling the TRUTH and nothing but the TRUTH!""""""@Discoboy7                Salmond is on a one man crusade to destroya Brilliant Union &amp, his u turn on your investment is a disgrace!"" Thx""""@KentTucker   planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Int'l??""  Yes, it is the best."It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed."""@1HotNinja: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president, it would be my dream come true. No better person to run U.S.A.""""""@tylerthurston: Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump, I always look forward to reading your advice."".Great!""""@BattleFace2Face: @realDonaldTrump You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy #trump2016""""""@PrezBridgette: @realDonaldTrump Thank You For Inspiring This World."" No, thank you!""""@lindsey_derek: Out of all the famous people on twitter, the only one I see tweet regular people is @realDonaldTrump! #Greatguy""""""@Herr_Barclay: Got to love the Monday segments by @realDonaldTrump on Fox &amp, Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!""""@sloat24: @realDonaldTrump I can vote now and I expect to be voting for #Trump2016""  Thank you!""""@debragarrett: @realDonaldTrump happy Birthday to one of my most admired men!!! Like a fine wine Mr. Trump🍷 Have a great Birthday! THANKS!""""@InTheElections:  See, I told you God wanted you to be president, he's had me praying for you about it y many years."" .Wow, so nice!""""@maomaothecat: @realDonaldTrump can't sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!""""""@iAndyOlson: “@realDonaldTrump: “@Raj_Tut: I’m 22 (I own) my company @TutandTut I started because of you... any advice?"" Give me 10%(kidding)""""@PatKetley: Birthdays are special and a retweet from @realDonaldTrump would make it even more special""  Happy Birthday!""""@PIETIEV: @realDonaldTrump happy new year, Mr. Trump. Who was your role model before you became successful?""  My father, Fred Trump.""""@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump""""""@18_4_LIFE: @realDonaldTrump @caleb2207 You should get a job at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!""""""@Raj_Tut: I'm 22... my company @TutandTut owns $6 million worth of multi-family properties... I started because of you... any advice?""Great""""@JasonGandy: @realDonaldTrump Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike @BarackObama. #2016""""""@18_4_LIFE: Not only a GREAT show, but what's forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported! Great work being done.""  THANKS!""""@benwiley3: @realDonaldTrump @Macys my Donald Trump tie is my prized possession in my closet!""  Great!""""@Willy_Kingston: This country's economy would be back on track if @realDonaldTrump became the next President.""  So true, thanks!""""@caleb2207: You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant &amp, independent mind I think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor""""""@sundance0272:  Congratulations Mr. Trump. We have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. So entertaining!  Thanks!""""@Pertinax193: @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump Now let's get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits.""  Thanks!""""@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. Great cast every season!""""""@_xx_justme: @realDonaldTrump I'd give anything for you to be our President. You have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!""NICE""""@GFCFrocks: @realDonaldTrump Love the Apprentice!!!""""""@tormike: @realDonaldTrump best reality show on TV. Love the challenges""""""@Katdhairstudio: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for this year. I never miss Apprentice!"" Show and cast will be amazing!""""@Theshingleguy: my family and I stayed at @TrumpChicago last weekend. It was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside!""  GREAT!"@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties, shirts and suits, thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!"""@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump With this cast u will have the #1 show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin,thanks-will be great""""@NickThompsonPGA: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for letting me play at @trumpinternational.... The best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!""""@kevinrleyland: @realDonaldTrump Has it been more than you ever expected?"" Far more and far better!"Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.Please, @21Club, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it."""Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass."" - Think Big"Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th."""@EpilepsyS                  Will you or @EricTrump try to be president of the united states? You could be a great president.""  Thanks.""""@duffman263            Just realised @realDonaldTrump was in home alone 2! Looking dapper as always"" Thank you.""""@RandDHenninger    great quote!                I'm in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch!""  Thank you.""""@BobBursey: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president, you'll get my vote. Along with every one I know"" Thanks, so nice!""""@secaucus00: @realDonaldTrump respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids"" Thanks Bob."We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?Have your own vision &amp, stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. So stupid!Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad."""@Drake4444444                    the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres &amp, bring common sense back to govt"" Thx.""""@jorgekb                  @TrumpDoral  Blue Monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! Amazing course layout !! "" Thank you."Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year“The future is always beginning now.” -  Mark Strand, former Poet LaureateRecord snowfall &amp, freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp, is an important element of success.A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau“Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun TzuSnowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp, get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it."""Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life."" - Think Big"Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities."""@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!""  Thanks""""@lutherice: @realDonaldTrump ties are amazing, very well made!""""""@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump you are the MAN!!!""""""@BlakeWebb6: Safe to say that @realDonaldTrump is the biggest stud on the planet #GOP #TrumpForPresident""""""@ShadeTreeGambla: @realDonaldTrump irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!""""""@ma22dogs: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!""""@rayleebates: @realDonaldTrump Don for prez""  Thank you.""""@noahshappy: @realDonaldTrump very true comment Donald, I'm glad we have people like you in this day and age""""""@MeleMallory: @realDonaldTrump You know it's actually called CLIMATE CHANGE, right? That's only because GLOBAL WARMING wasn't working!""""@ScreenPlayWritr: @realDonaldTrump Is Al Gore on that ship?"""This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in iceToday is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me"""@deggow: Just heard a 25 year old man say ""I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sanders""it's time for me to leave this party.""""""@SenSanders: I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims.""  I fully agree!""People ask, ""why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?"" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!""""@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @hughhewitt I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!""  Many do!""""@Luciano031982: @realDonaldTrump Veterans Love Trump"" But I love the VETS even more!".@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt"""@BentleyforTrump: @realDonaldTrump ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!👍👍☺ #TrumpOrNobody2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thank you."A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher ""Stinky"" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!"I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannityJoe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!"""@bfb123456: @trumpiowa @PlaysTrumpCard @realDonaldTrump  WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart""""""@hammetjohn: DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President""""""@videosigninc: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again !"" Thanks"Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp, America!Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp, done. Run country my way!My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C..@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!"""@LeeMiracle3: @FoxNews @CharlesHurt @realDonaldTrump Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP""""""@IJNIPGM: No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA""""""@sunquist007: @JebBush Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! #lets make America great again!!!!!"""Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp, triple them, a disaster!Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BADIf Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!"""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump We need a real President to get things done, and that's why we want you!""  Thank you."Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!"""@CAC8438: He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.""""@mitchellvii: My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.""""""@mitchellvii: Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder."I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!"""@greta: If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive"A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix itThe same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary..@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!"""@deedeegop: Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. So nice!""""@JodiL792:  You know what's making my Christmas Great, Family/food/friends&amp,YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHIRT ON W/HOPE IN MY HEART for America""""""@Jacobsac2015:  @FoxNews Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Can't wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome.""""""@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I'm reading #CrippledAmerica! Best book ever. Thank you!""When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say ""we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?"" Never!"Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!.@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!"""@YesMrGilbert: @NBCNightlyNews @HallieJackson should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story""  True, a total distortion of the facts!"I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundlyThird rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!"""@classyexplorer: @gatewaypundit Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail""""@ihatematt: @realDonaldTrump why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.""""""@ihatematt: @realDonaldTrump why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.""  Good question!""Hillary said ""I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign."" I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity""Hillary, when you complain about ""a penchant for sexism,"" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!"It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. LeadWhy does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. BadThe Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!"For those on TV defending my use of the word ""schlonged,"" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM""NPR's @NealConan said ""schlonged"" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: ""That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls."" #Hypocrisy""Once again, #MSM is dishonest. ""Schlonged"" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got ""schlonged"" that meant beaten badly."Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!"""@schoremis1:  @JebBush The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows &amp, social media. MAGA!""""""@qbeacademy: Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic""".@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy."""@_MSFL_: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpUSA16 A GREAT PATRIOT""""""@realNevaDie: This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties. @realDonaldTrump""""@philmonaco67: @realDonaldTrump 100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN""""""@janienorris22: @realDonaldTrump Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it."". Great!"@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there."Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about ""the video"" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video."Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp, incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!"Hillary said with respect to ISIS, ""we are finally where we need to be."" Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!"I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video."Hillary said at debate ISIS is ""going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst."" She made up story-want apology!"Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!"""@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan, the ppl want @realDonaldTrump, not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%""""""@drdoucette: #MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump".@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!"""@Themyamccurry: Where's @realDonaldTrump when you need em? #MissUniverse2015""".@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!"""@blueeyd2020: @JebBush reminds me now of @BobbyJindal but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ""ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool."" This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE""""@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @jonkarl Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #TrumpRocksAmerica""""""@DomineekSmith: @realDonaldTrump is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.""  Thank you.""""@TheRealRyder: You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@twister2445: @realDonaldTrump all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!""""""@ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @TeresaC85469500 @MichaelCohen212  Right,  same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISupportTrump""".@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp, his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.Weak &amp, ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp, don’t be ashamed of it!.@MelindaDC  Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainHillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina."""@EndlessMike03: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor OMG awesome! What time zone!?""""""@chained111: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor yes sir""""""@SteelerDan619: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the man!!""""""@2timeslucky: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor You were amazing !""""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldn’t have term limits is President Trump!""  Cute!"Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points..@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!"""@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain""  Joke"Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016"""@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.""""""@DonaldTrumpFink: .@GovMikeHuckabee: If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will."" #GOPDebate""""@JaniBetancoirt: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Pataki needs a brain surgeon!""""""@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.""""@MrDeuce25: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue""""@BillDaley1: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.""""""@SurfPHX: Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump"""Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14..@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest pressIsn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use itWow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.""""""@LadyKellLiberty:  @AnnCoulter I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!""""""@Carolin42539648:  @realDonaldTrump oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpForPresident"@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp, easily beat Hillary!Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate..@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!"""@ajodom60: @FoxNews and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@LesgartCPA: @jaketapper @realDonaldTrump Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.""""""@trumpisawinner: .You're the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald""""""@JPMORGAN2016: TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE""""""@1rdgreenberg:  @FoxNews That's why, after your interview, I couldn't watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment.""""""@energy43: @schnoepoe @FoxNews Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX"""I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss."""@TheProdigy3D: Everyone vote for @realDonaldTrump and no he did not pay me for this endorsement.""""""@schnoepoe: @foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding @realDonaldTrump"" The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!""""@VYlvisaker: @AnnCoulter  TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win."""Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!"""@BernieSanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because @ABC is smart!".@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!"""@Yoel_NY: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc  As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump.""""""@JPMORGAN2016: @realDonaldTrump @Peggynoonannyc TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, IT'S NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!""""""@rosemarylowe105: @ShahKourosh @SpacemanChris @realDonaldTrump That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president.""""""@StraightHand: @realDonaldTrump I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary""  Get ready!""""@khoges34: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@mikepetrella17:  @Peggynoonannyc I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into."Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M..@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M..@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M..@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!"""@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?"""Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser"""@EveWicked: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN love you Trump! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Latinos4Trump16: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN I'll be watching 👀""""""@ofccadjust: @realDonaldTrump @jaketapper @CNN DVR SET!"""I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!"""@JenniferJJacobs: Trump: ""Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way we’re going to be saying Merry Christmas again."" Iowa crowd LOVES it.""""""@JenniferJJacobs: Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.""""@JenniferJJacobs: Trump says he was establishment. ""I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself.""""@Keeblerqueen: @realDonaldTrump Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!"Just got back from Iowa, great people!.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016Thank you @SeanHannity &amp, @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainTom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp, PA Governor. Him &amp, his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN..@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem..@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you..@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy."""@FoxNewsInsider: .@FrankLuntz Explains Why @realDonaldTrump Has Plenty of Staying Power @seanhannity #Hannity""""@FoxNews: @FrankLuntz: Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real""""@edwards_cristy: @realDonaldTrump I hope that you will be the next POTUS."""Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!"""@jimparkey: @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @CNN great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!"" Thank you!"Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN"""@QuinnLisaq:  @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way"""Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN"""@MisterGoldiloxx:  @michaelUrso2 @FoxNews Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer""""""@Ajdx4Sdesq: @CNN @donlemon @realDonaldTrump this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.""""@michaelUrso2: Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent! @FoxNews"Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany"""@mysteriousLoser: @realDonaldTrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance"" Yes, he is a crude dope!""""@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, &amp, pilot planes"""Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!"""@USAforDJTRUMP: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!""""""@YitzySchwartz:  @CNN anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us""""Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for ""Trump"" according to @CNN!"Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! EnjoyThe legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!"Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported ""Cruz momentum"" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!""""@XGNRaging: @realDonaldTrump I hope you become president!""""@GeneMcGee6: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .""""""@CharlesMarino8: @3DOT  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact""""""@ShellyPayne4328: @WayneRoot @realDonaldTrump Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! #voteTrump2016""""""@Truth_or_Rumor: @realArthurSpina @realDonaldTrump Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office.""""""@back2reason: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains"Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp, danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!"""@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!"""If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelterThe @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace"I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said ""I'm a negotiator like you"" Got standing O-rated best of day!"Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp, W.R."""@WiggintonRandy: @realDonaldTrump He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!"""Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!"""@homefreeee: @realDonaldTrump He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!""""""@JFK4701: @realDonaldTrump he is reading off the TelePrompTer.""  But that is O.K. in this case.""""@10inchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump air strikes? Who's air strikes??""""""@dboiarsky: @realDonaldTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! 👍"""Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated."""@GlendaAhrens: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016"""I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?"""@Trumpismyhero: @realDonaldTrump only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@mollymaguires61: @politichick_ @nytpolitics @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch @GOP in bed together &amp, hate Trump.  Win it for the USA &amp, the 21st Cent".@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!"""@BrianBl43802294 @JohnKasich Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S."So, how did I do on Face The Nation?Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!"Hillary just said that she will not use the term ""radical Islamic"" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp, the e-mails!""""@JSears68: Poll numbers will go up even more for @realDonaldTrump after Obama's 'address'""""@dr_tweedy: @CNN @JohnKasich Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd."" Media-he LIED!"I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?.@KatyTurNBC &amp, @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016"""@Pimpburgh2015: @KatyTurNBC @realDonaldTrump just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter."" That's only because I'm being nice!"@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you."" Two truly fantastic women!""""@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you.""""""@jasthompcountry: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!""  Thanks""""@PattyDs50:  @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!""""""@nepafortrump: @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP #TeamTrumpPA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP""""@curtiscraven76: @CNN @realDonaldTrump keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote""""""@CwiseCwise1: @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @realDonaldTrump @GOP we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.""""""@bjmgraphics:  @MarkHalperin Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!".@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough &amp, professional. Thank you! @FoxNewsThe virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!.@CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll..@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.".@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said ""not even close."" Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s""""@Hot_Steam_: As a professional handicapper @realDonaldTrump is a 3/5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload""""""@TomNocera: @realDonaldTrump Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.""  Great!""""@Jessi_Libertad: Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! @realDonaldTrump"" I will!""""@MarkStahlbaum: Great job on O'Reilly @realDonaldTrump Stay who you are, it's refreshing.  #StayStrong""""""@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!""""""@GaryT212:  @realDonaldTrump America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!"""Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction."""@robstanley79: @realDonaldTrump Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration."" Nice!""""@2timeslucky:  @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with  President Trump""""""@derektheeight: Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...""""""@PatrickAnna: @realDonaldTrump You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life!"" True!"As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfectionI consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due."""@DLake66675: @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 @realDonaldTrump his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.""""@Mike05999224: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC start backing @realDonaldTrump real change is coming !""""""@theratzpack: @PattonDivision if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans."Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police"""@SaraGreenwell: @realDonaldTrump #VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump""""""@Blacks4Trump16: Legal &amp, illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. @AnnCoulter #Trump2016 #TeamTrump""""""@BOSSYtxmar55: #Trump WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then ""WE"" CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump""""@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump""""""@DrRPSmall:  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.""""@iceblink62: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people!"" True!""""@thumpmomma: I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!""""""@MichaelCohen212:  @BreitbartNews @NewDay @CNN @ABC @NBCNews yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!"""California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!"""@fooschamp95: @business @nytimes    Any GOP candidate will lose except for @realDonaldTrump"" I agree!""""@Christo20722105:  @TrussElise Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@TrussElise: #Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to @realDonaldTrump &amp,my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.""""@iluvbks1: @realDonaldTrump I live in NJ &amp, you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! #tellingitlikeitis""""""@joyciej2: @realDonaldTrump Have a great rally !!!#Trump2016""""""@KathyPica1: @DanScavino @CarmineZozzora  @realDonaldTrump YES HE IS &amp, SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance"""Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!"""@charlottepturn: @Morning_Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb""""@wzpd8z: Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.""""""@wompol: @realDonaldTrump @CNN we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11"""When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also."""@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle  @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!""""""@Barber2012Jeff: @realDonaldTrump John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump"" John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!""""@ThisWeekABC: Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, @BillKristol, @mattbai? You can do much better! @MariaTCardona.""""@lee_richter:  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA""""""@Dmsrcmc12Bob: @realDonaldTrump They should all get on the Trump train!""  So true!""""@Born2RunJosh: @realDonaldTrump @Antonio92692 @CNNPolitics Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Rketeltas:  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that."""Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case"""@thatx209xguy: @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016"" So true!""""@Asmurfinmypants: I can't wait to vote for @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Allibiis: @realDonaldTrump @ArtPar17 @CNN story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field.""".@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring"""@Pablo44x: @CNN @realDonaldTrump Another hit piece by CNN. ""What? We're not biased!"""""I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!"""@ArtPar17: @CNN   Your story is a total fraud""  I agree!""""@JacoH: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans."" @CNN only says negative-bad reporters"The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words."""@buckleybro40:  @RichLowry @maggieNYT @TheFix @pbump @realDonaldTrump so great in Sarasota, FL! #TurntTrump We're following T all the way!""""""@nobaddog: @RepBJNikkel @CindyBlackwel12 JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected""""""@Jameslauer6: @David360NC @azblonde2015 NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE &amp, 4 ALL. TRUMP""""""@munciewolves: @realDonaldTrump America backs you. Your our next President!!!!"" Thank you!"Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in SarasotaThe reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@tweetybird2009: @GulfWarVet123 That's why @realDonaldTrump's THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad""""@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016""""""@reallyo1: @realDonaldTrump @MarkSimoneNY Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate""""""@MargaretCrowth1: @realDonaldTrump So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message.""""""@DeusVultGeorgia: @MingBlueTeaCup @RickCanton @_Holly_Renee @realDonaldTrump should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?""""""@VaughnVhalen: Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally, Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%""""@MarkSimoneNY: Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: ""Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media""""@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump If you combine the business models for both Macy's &amp, the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity.""""""@pthebnyc: @realDonaldTrump @Sari_Swensen @nytimes no need to explain, Sir. We've got your back.""  Thanks!""""@BeezakaMrB: @realDonaldTrump Shopping @Macys is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house."" Great, a very disloyal chain!"The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!"""@PrisonPlanet: .@realDonaldTrump gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media."""Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumbThe @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!"""@RioSunny3: @realDonaldTrump @WKRG I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well."The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!"""@Keeping__Real: So good to see the @realDonaldTrump family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!""""""@realdctaylor: The Establishment is afraid of @realDonaldTrump. Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump"@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove."""@FranMFarber:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews @morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal!"" True!""""@jbclemson: @realDonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by #GOP. Rove embarrassed himself""""""@raider8381:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews   America wants DONALD TRUMP! ""TV Heads"" still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.""""""@patty_laughlin: DonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016""""""@DonnySmith557: @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !"South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!"""@idawhannadoyou: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Love it. Wish I could get @OANN I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.""""@MichaelCohen212: .@realDonaldTrump @OANN no one is even close to #Trump"""A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!"""@PatSheldon10913: @realDonaldTrump had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight."""Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out."""@cecki: Leave our candidate @realDonaldTrump alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.""""@Maryland4T: @SmallBiz4Trump Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!"""@Good2bqueen67: .@realDonaldTrump @Sandikay60 I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point 👆 Sir!""  Thanks.""""@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump it was awesome! #Trumponly. Great crowd! Wonderful""""""@Port3Star: @JDiamond1 @CNNPolitics You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!""""""@JeffPage5: @realDonaldTrump @WSJ @GOP they're finally gettin the message, we're fed up &amp, we're not going establishment.""""@beingmesuzieeJ: @realDonaldTrump... You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!!"" Thanks and I will!"Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!"""@DonnySmith557: @realDonaldTrump Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!!"" Thanks."Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacysGoing to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face..@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp, I greatly appreciate your kind words.Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!"""@ny_conservative:  @BarbMuenchen #CrippledAmerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #TeamTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@ktd101551: @CNNPolitics Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more important a protester? I wouldn't give these folks 1 sec of attn"""Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M."""@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN &amp, IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP""""@bloggerjulie: @FoxNews The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?""""""@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump @TheFix @pbump We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!""""""@drewtheg:  Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!""""""@jakub_lisa:  @HillaryClinton A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? #NoClintonInWHEverAgain""""""@heiressarts: @realDonaldTrump By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware."We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on showWill be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP..ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage."""@GStephanopoulos: I’ll talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on @ThisWeekABC.""".@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp, be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp, reporting.Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp, Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp, dropped out the next day. Such a waste!We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!"People are really liking my new book, ""Crippled America."" Check it out!""""@tas0727: @realDonaldTrump Make America Great again vote Donald Trump""""""@jaazee1: @CNN anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.""""@thetylerjames9: @realDonaldTrump cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!""""""@RustyBlissUSA:  @realDonaldTrump we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump""""""@TLCastle: @realDonaldTrump Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia?"" YES, soon.""""@RenaSummersLtd: Watched @ABCNetwork special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!""""""@realkingrobbo:  @hotroddergirl You're the hero America needs! #Trump2016""  Thank you, I only want to make America great again!""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!"" Cute!""""@hiddenspeed42: @AY4WEB  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump""""""@TCash78: @realDonaldTrump @VincentKunicki @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews he will make America great again""""@realkingrobbo: @realDonaldTrump @Greg39529063 @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters the best man for the job!"" Thanks!""""@ClassySnobbb: @realDonaldTrump AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Greg39529063:  @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!""""""@hotroddergirl: @realDonaldTrump trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.""""""@VincentKunicki: @realDonaldTrump @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you"" Nice!""""@2timeslucky:  No one can take @realDonaldTrump down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!""""@JamesPWilson1: @realDonaldTrump When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed""""""@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies  @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in"Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!"""@smith_jere: @realDonaldTrump You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!""  So nice.".@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!"""@The2ndguardsUS: @realDonaldTrump ROLL TIDE""""""@samsellars: @realDonaldTrump North Carolina. Come on down.""  Will be there very soon!""""@meganweaver321: @realDonaldTrump Alabama loves you""  Great!""""@Unicurls: @realDonaldTrump I'll be in attendance. #YUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #bamaforTrump""  Nice!""""@GeraldSoelz: Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.""".@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp, totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp, all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp, not be so focused on me!Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp, probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp, have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!"The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders ""MASTERMINDS."" Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!"A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp, total dud!John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp, debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp, the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp, BEAUTIFUL WALL!"""@FoxNews New Hampshire Poll: @realDonaldTrump 'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, &amp, Kasich 7""""""@Ashevillelaura: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats &amp, ISIS. Trump best to protect us"""I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp, highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeatSo many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp, think strong!Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp, shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil."""@SarahPalinUSA: From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.""""@StreetR77:  @JohnLegere @TMobile didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service."""Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers."""@peg4cats: @TerryLambert201 @realDonaldTrump you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration""""""@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump  I have faith he will win and save America""""""@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump i have faith he will win and save America""""""@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again""""""@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying""""""@Hturne:  @VanityFair  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity"""Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!"""@thewatcher23579: One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING"""We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!"""@mnrosrnr: @realDonaldTrump the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius""""""@TejadaDennes: @realDonaldTrump Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. #HispanicsForTrump #DemocratsForTrump"""I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!"""@Oliviaand24: @realDonaldTrump TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016""""""@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton""""""@TomRichey: Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a @SenSanders vs @realDonaldTrump one on one debate!"" That would be easy!""""@jaslohr_: @realDonaldTrump are you watching this circus?!? #DemDebate what a joke! #Trump2016""""""@jcooper75: #DemDebate this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail. @realDonaldTrump""""""@MikeOG_: @realDonaldTrump was right! close the borders! #Trump2016""""""@Gman0623: @realDonaldTrump @HaloOneForTrump @FoxNews @CNN @GOP I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!""""""@shawnlivinlife: I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 can't happen fast enough.""""@HaloOneForTrump: @realDonaldTrump has what MONEY CAN'T BUY: VISION &amp, LOYAL &amp, MOTIVATED SUPPORT! #veterans #military  @foxnews @cnn @GOP""""""@jrpantiques: @realDonaldTrump @ABCinSC @KatrinaPierson THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN""""""@dlt912: @realDonaldTrump you definitely have my vote!👍🏻""""""@Mario_Posillico: @realDonaldTrump you need to win for not just America, but for humanity."""We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!"President Obama said ""ISIL continues to shrink"" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE."My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad..@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp, pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainI will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!#Trump2016I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!"When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want ""smart"" trade deals."The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate..@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30"All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was ""so, so.""""""@ellenEspence: I'm not convinced that any candidate other than @realDonaldTrump is committed to securing our borders. #VoteTrump2016""""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election!"" Great."Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusinessJust returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!"""@Rmac747:  Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp, amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!"I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainGo out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!"""@ray_aub:  Funny all the real polls have @realDonaldTrump way ahead.""""@jspence80: @jspence80: Like him or hate him @realDonaldTrump runs a brilliant campaign for #POTUS2016 !""  Thank you!""""@curtismuddog: @limbaugh @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump is Hillary's worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.""""""@JezzaK: If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands"" Thank you!"I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!"""@JimmyGould07: Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, &amp, motivation. He's the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump""""@burgettn: @AB1132 @realDonaldTrump it's the only way we can make America great again.""""""@kniala: @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.""""""@freedoms411: @wakeuppeopleSOS @mitchellvii  @CNN @ABC @CBS It shouldn't be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls.""""""@teed_chris: @Loyal2Trump2016 @TrumpAlabama  @FoxNews Look when you try to kill Your mom,that's it for me ,no walking on water""""""@KazmierskiR: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his father's 'charisma' and intelligence!"""Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp, in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp, chugging water. He choked!Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!"""@salyboy3: @realDonaldTrump great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny.""  Thanks.""""@mcjeff42: @realDonaldTrump you made SNL great again""  @nbcsnl""""@SpecialKMB1969: @nbcsnl  @realDonaldTrump was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! #TrumpTrainSNL #TrumpOnSNL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@MyPresidentme: @EricShawnonFox That's because people are interested in you, &amp, you've got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary #Trump2016""""@tegodreaux: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox HUUUUUGE""""""@EmitteLucemTuam: @realDonaldTrump @EricShawnonFox Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!""".@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp, Miley Cyrus. Nice wordsTelevision ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!"""@CleopattraUSA: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockW/TrumpNow #SNL"At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M..@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy."""@HillsGypsydad05:  @foxandfriends Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""  Thank you!""""@justintupper: @realDonaldTrump You are a machine. Success leaves clues. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""".@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!"""@mcjeff42: @realDonaldTrump you made SNL great again""""""@EEGRC98: @realDonaldTrump I am Hispanic - I am with you""""""@ccakul: @realDonaldTrump it was a great show!""""""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump we need you elected tomorrow!""""""@jackmarchione: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show!""""""@redletter99: @realDonaldTrump thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts?"" Very soon!""""@martydrinksbeer: @realDonaldTrump It was FANTASTIC!!""""""@PearlsPolkaDots: @realDonaldTrump Loved the show! Best #SNL in years! #TrumpTrainSNL"""Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!"I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a ""tweeting"" skit, so stay tuned!""""@sherrysue66: I am working a #12HR #AMERICAN SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! #WE♡U. Nice.""""@jak00seven: If you like how @HillaryClinton handled #Benghazi, then you'll just ♥ her as Commander-in-Chief  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!""""""@RealCinders2: @realDonaldTrump use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally"" Great idea!""""@tazz53098: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to watch. #trump for president #saturday night live""""""@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I haven't seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Great!"They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!"""@HouseCracka: Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGE""  Thanks."Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN"""@essygalloway: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @Sia  I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow."" A really big show!"One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!"""@Bubbachitchat1: THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! @Hanan_Khan2: I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump"""""Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!"""@FBeadon: @realDonaldTrump don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent.""""""@PhinsDiehard: @CNN  Only Donald Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thank you!"So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!"""@pjs307: @WalshFreedom Will be highest rated show ever, @realDonaldTrump is a marketing genius #SNL"" Hope it does well!""""@eric_wagaman94: Super excited to watch @realDonaldTrump tomorrow night on @nbcsnl #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@bigsampolkcoga:  @GovChristie @MikeHuckabeeGOP @FoxBusiness and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back.""""""@TrumpsMyHomeboy: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico The #MSM straw man candidate is falling apart!👊🏽""""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @Robostop10 @politico How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.""""@CaptainMark_:  @Robostop10 KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!""""""@JimmyForTrump: @insighter007 @OAmericanGirl  All Rep should stand with #Trump2016 Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! #Trump2016""".@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp, @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp, good guys. @FoxBusiness"Carson now admits his friend named ""Bob,"" who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!"With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?"Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson ""is trying to solidify his lead."" But I am #1, easily! Sad"Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure."""@rhinostate: .@realDonaldTrump @GrundleMan27 Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.""""""@GrundleMan27: Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances #trump""""""@Rick_Sa: @greta Interesting presidential race, Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and @realDonaldTrump beats Carson in the polls!""""@DeeMcNa: @FoxNews Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP"""A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!"""@SoCal4Trump: Wow @megynkelly. You openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... #StopTheLies""""@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump Ivanka said it and you said it too, you'll be great for women. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@SandraJenners: I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!"""The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!"""@marklindsay78: @Hanan_Khan2 @realDonaldTrump poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump""""""@TeamSpringsteen: @realDonaldTrump I just finished reading Crippled America. It's a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.""""""@NottaLiberal: @realDonaldTrump @destiny @seanhannity No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank.""""@curtismuddog: @destiny @seanhannity JEB'S! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES"""".@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I ""ran for president twice."" Never ran, merely considered running!""""@Hanan_Khan2: @realDonaldTrump I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! #democratsfortrump""  Great!""""@lizzym420: @amrightnow @realDonaldTrump What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina?"" Thanks!""""@Destiny: Why didn't @seanhannity correct Jeb when he said @realDonaldTrump has run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied."""Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""@spiritofshiloh: Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare. @realDonaldTrump  He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!""Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, ""he's my friend!"" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say ""disloyal guy, no friend!"""Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?"""@JoshuaEnglishh: @realDonaldTrump  every single real American needs to read #CrippledAmerica ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled""""""@peter_smells: @realDonaldTrump Just read #CrippledAmerica! Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about #America since #Reagan""""""@LeStudio1: DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICAThe new book by @realDonaldTrump is best seller in the making.""""""@svn2hd: @realDonaldTrump Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.""""""@JudgeMoroz: Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from @realDonaldTrump on dealing with Obama! They should read #CrippledAmerica!""""""@SJavner: Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. That's why I stand with TRUMP""""""@seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.”""""@DougDWiley: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!""""""@David360NC: @adenunzio We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump , Let’s do our part &amp, VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy"""I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""@LookerCherry: @realDonaldTrump The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, ""don't doubt me""""""@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump @Freedomr@OANN Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy, Jeb low energy.""""""@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump Your performances in every state have been amazing! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain".@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail."""@Freedomrings22: @realDonaldTrump I Trust @OANN 's polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news"" Iowa lead!""""@JayJohnsonLikes: @realDonaldTrump been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. I'll see you at noon!""""""@freebird_Pepper: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!"Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America."""@HarpAmyStabler: @FS1 @realDonaldTrump @ColinCowherd this interview is great.""""""@kingster73: @realDonaldTrump Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!""""@TdavisTonya: @brucedhendrix @Poetry4Bitcoin  Nope. Trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity""""""@kemper34: @TheHerd @ColinCowherd @realDonaldTrump @FS1 Great interview. Ranks just above the @JimHarbaugh49 interview.""""""@theBrandonMcKee: Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in ""The Art of the Deal"" by @realDonaldTrump""""""@shelbycockaxe: @realDonaldTrump Trump is our last chance to turn this country around #Trump2016""""""@TrumpFix: @meganena13 @robertew2945 agreed Luisa. @realDonaldTrump WILL WIN! This is what he does!""""""@DDietlin3: @ColinCowherd fantastic job with your interview with @realDonaldTrump today!"""Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade"""@taurus82409: @Morning_Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You ""heads"" try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!""".@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews"""@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!""""""@DAMRON88: @realDonaldTrump @BornToBeGOP I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.""""""@Truth_or_Rumor: @realDonaldTrump It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.""  O.K.!""""@Tar_Heel_73: @realDonaldTrump We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@HenryTheZebra: @realDonaldTrump America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster."""Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S."""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump 9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!"" Thank you!"Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNewsWhile in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!"Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a ""lightweight""."Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!"Jeb's new slogan - ""Jeb can fix it"". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word ""fix"" is not a good one to use in politics!"Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win"""@BellicWolf: @and_is_w Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!""""""@N_R_Mandela: @realDonaldTrump And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!"""Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp, money!"""@KatyTurNBC: This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia."""".@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said ""NO THANKS"" Waste of time &amp, energy!"Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president"""@BorderWall: Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago &amp, most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President""""""@sean_in_NH: @realDonaldTrump @realOllieTaylor so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were  cancelled""""""@SallyAvicii2014:  @realOllieTaylor Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!""""""@JodiL792: @realDonaldTrump I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!""""""@antSTACKSgrieco: @realDonaldTrump you were great in it!!"" Thanks!""""@realOllieTaylor: @realDonaldTrump no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them""""""@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that &amp, will vote Trump!"" THANKS!""""@shawnslawns4u: @terrykimk93 @WSJ this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP""""""@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way."No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST)."""@MarshallFSmith: @LexingtonBobby @realDonaldTrump And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald!"" Thanks!""""@WavRidr101: @realDonaldTrump DO A FLYOVER @NauticusNorfolk USS WISCONSIN!""  Cool idea, we will try!"The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!"I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as ""SIR""!"The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc."""@dalva1616: So true! Vote @realDonaldTrump and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.""""@Hopeisalive66: We need a REAL change. @realDonaldTrump you are the only1who can stand up&amp, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain."I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson."""@JackDix03868724: Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%""""""@SandraOpines: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. #TrumpTrain"" Nice.""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you are always many steps ahead of the game!"" Thank you.""""@jimmcvey1: @eddiern  @DeusVultUSMC @deadeyemadoc @smithsj1 Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again."" Cool!""""@Roadstarr1: @realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee @FoxNews Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children""""@smithsj1: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?""  YES, YES, YES!".@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!"""@UnitedCitizen01: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate #RushLimbaugh #SeanHannity #MarkLevin"""Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp, state polls."""@giatny:  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.""""""@FreeStateYank: ""The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is.""~@rushlimbaugh on @realDonaldTrump."""Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!"""@neraex: I'm not even american and I want to see @realDonaldTrump win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!""""""@xXFlameriumXx:  @MikeandDawnNY Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump""""""@skillethead58: @realDonaldTrump hell of a job""""""@derekcarlson: People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth""""""@BentleyforTrump: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT We need a wall not a Rubio""""""@ApolloBohono69: @realDonaldTrump This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 💚""  Thank you.".@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!"""@robertaritzen: @realDonaldTrump We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope""  Thanks."Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!"""@T_Johnson_TJ: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016"" Thanks.""""@MikeandDawnNY: @seanmdav Dipshit @JohnJHarwood lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4 @realDonaldTrump calling @cnbc out.""""@Dad_Trump: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT YES!""""""@agentvf: @realDonaldTrump Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.""""""@lvphillies08: Once again haters gonna hate...hands down #winner will always be @realDonaldTrump #Trump #Trump2016""""@SteveBashino:  Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans.""""""@derekcarlson: DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?"Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada."""@8723g: One thing I learned from @realDonaldTrump : ""Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make"" We will have strong deal makers""""@AtheistWWonka: @realDonaldTrump @jakistheman by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie""""""@eVDefuse: @realDonaldTrump they should just let you be president already, you're already leading in the polls.""""""@jakistheman: @realDonaldTrump keep you're momentum until you win over the White House""""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump you have inspired us to #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain""""""@truthinvest: @ChrisChristie @HillaryClinton good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after @realDonaldTrump""""""@HorseShort: @jstaggs362 @sburton305 @Vermont5girl @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP IS TRUTH! We want #Trump! 🚂🇺🇸🎈"""Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!"""@TaylorWrightAU: #Trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next #GOPDebate we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!""""@Sisters4everT: Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr @realDonaldTrump, You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains &amp, the Nation tonight!!!""""""@currentlyFeed: The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner.""""@ngb6060: @realDonaldTrump showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.""""@coolgirl6978: You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump #1""""""@BarbaraDeStasio: @realDonaldTrump GREAT debate, way to go!!""""""@hyatt1942: @realDonaldTrump @piersmorgan WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE.."Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!"""@jaxsiete: @realDonaldTrump Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:)"" @FoxNews"@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67.....@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!"""@Vaporcon2015: @realDonaldTrump The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.""""@cmrose111: @realDonaldTrump  @CNBC  get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.""""""@mozarttaig1: @CNBC is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!"""Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!"""@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe @politico I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.""".@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!"""@JayknightJay: @RealBenCarson good morning. Easy on each other &amp, finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.""True""""@2bigj: @realDonaldTrump A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.""""""@laura_damron: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp, energy to ""Make America Great Again"".""""""@RickSt.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of @realDonaldTrump leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp, listen to the concerns of a VET?""""@fairy_tabibi: Loved seeing @realDonaldTrump speak to the wounded warrior &amp, his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets""""@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!""""""@faagifts: @OANN WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES &amp, OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO"""I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""@RhatPatriot: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump   Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?""""""@bawl: I agree @BillKristol hasn't be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that @Morning_Joe gives him a platform.""""""@JordanDworaczyk: @DrHawk12 @elvisknievil I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump too.""  Thanks.""""@AlbertoMarsano: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!""  Nice.""""@TheJusticeEngle: @realDonaldTrump I'm 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries!"" THANKS.""""@BobD746847: There shouldn't be a problem with this election. ""WE THE PEOPLE"" finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016""""""@coloradojoe2001: How is any one taking Carson seriously when he ""suspends"" his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?"""Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itselfRe Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp, is self-funding."""@hoosierclinger: Good job @realDonaldTrump for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?"""Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday"""@maria_heck: @RobertsLiardon @realDonaldTrump. The more I hear Trump the more I like him!"""Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!"""@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.""""@mmolina44: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.""""""@Desheay: TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 !""""""@jfgrcar: @realDonaldTrump Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner."""Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S."""@Thuglife602: @realDonaldTrump Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet""""@cospy8: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT""""""@kathystone1221: @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! #NOISYMAJORITY!""""""@nepafortrump:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump""""""@josemen31: @realDonaldTrump this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing #mexicolovestrump""  Great!""""@Tirolian2: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN # TRUMP is Unstoppable 🚀 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸""  Thank you.""""@concerningtimes: @JebBush needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause . @realDonaldTrump is our choice""""""@thatgirlflorida: @realDonaldTrump @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday! 🚂☁🇺🇸🇺🇸""".@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNNDo you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!"""@MachadoKirk: @StrengthenTheUS  @realDonaldTrump Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 #ActingMeek""""""@ron_fournier: .@realDonaldTrump rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy"" Great!""""@russia890: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side."""Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it"""@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well."" Cute!"This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!"""@agreatimage: @realDonaldTrump   Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!! #Trump2016 #ElectTrump""""""@JaredChristophr: Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again @realDonaldTrump"" I fully agree!""""@Bane1349: They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!"While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?"""@HankCampbell: Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.".@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp, not enough talking about America's future.Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpTodayI will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpTodayWill be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@Tony_Leers: Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one..""""""@cher: Never thought I’d Say...Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners‼️ cruz=devil  rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY"Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!"""@Ir0nSpirit: Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! 👍 Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!""""""@autumnandews08:  @KatrinaPierson @AnnCoulter @MichaelCohen212 Trump blows them all away! He's our next president! #Trump2016""""""@dpdax @realDonaldTrump Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much"""The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes."""@toddinwichita @realDonaldTrump Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at #BenghaziHearings reading from the script. #pathetic . She is no leader""""""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@i_am__tyler  @MichaelCohen212 I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of @realDonaldTrump"""I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp, his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!.@GMA at 7:00 A.M."""@printingsharon: @realDonaldTrump   Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan""""""@piersmorgan: Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!""""@AliceCarozza: @realDonaldTrump You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.""""""@Chocolate3Way: I have never loved a candidate as much as I love @realDonaldTrump, I can't wait for him to make America great again!"" Nice!""""@ccorreia401: @realDonaldTrump @blewthebigone well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.""""""@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician""""""@aaron_athman: @realDonaldTrump first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!""  FANTASTIC!""""@OUSoonerManiac: We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""  See you there!""""@blewthebigone: The establishment can try all they want to keep @realDonaldTrump from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!""""""@saadvisory: @realDonaldTrump Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!""""@ansun_sayavong: Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar""".@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!"""@AshlieJuliard: @KarlRove @realDonaldTrump Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening""""""@btodd539:  @seanhannity Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!""".@seanhannity at 10:00."""@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde @realDonaldTrump Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump""  I love the VETS.".@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!"""@Trekwolf164: @wbtonyturner @RadioFreeTom @realDonaldTrump no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really"Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity"""@nickmichaels12: Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.""""@Trump4potusplz: Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald @realDonaldTrump . TRUMP 2016"" Great!""""@marcoinjersey: I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at @realdonaldtrump."Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp, sharperIt's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!"""@JulesSiscoe: We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump! #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump""""""@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED""""""@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!""""""@vbonina:  @ConserveCast @GeorgeWill why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.""""""@Crowebar_67:  @megynkelly Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down😃""""@ChefMama32: @realDonaldTrump Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS""""""@ConserveCast: The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is @GeorgeWill . He is such a sourpuss, HATES @realDonaldTrump""Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat ""us"" is don't watch her show!""""@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!""""""@Justice41ca: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I'm watching it again right now in California""""""@Svingali: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Can't wait for @megynkelly to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!""  Won't happen!""""@PattyDs50: @FoxNews We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresident""  We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!""""@PattiPav1: @realDonaldTrump Great interview!""  Thanks""""@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain""""""@traceclmbs82:  @FoxNews Pampered @GeorgeWill who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries @FoxNewsSunday""""""@rfscottga: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016""""""@BentleyforTrump:  @FoxNewsDear Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016""""""@RebelCapsGal: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!""""""@SongBird1154: Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, &amp, GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum""""""@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!""  Thank you.""""@rdpaga: @JebBush we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq &amp, 911""""@clar: @GeorgeWill @brithume The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys. @realDonaldTrump is right @BretBaier #WakeUpAmerica""""""@howddyd: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #'s of jobs.""""""@paulferguson17: @FoxNewsSunday @realDonaldTrump @JebBush @FoxNews. Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald"""Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M."""@Kellmat2: @realDonaldTrump @RD_2008 @JebBush Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.""""""@RD_2008: @JebBush Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. @realDonaldTrump""""""@Tuvarkz: @realDonaldTrump Can't Stump the Trump""""""@muhfuck: @BernieSanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@American1st: @ofccadjust  @AnnCoulter GW Bush was open borders like @JebBush. TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!""""""@Pappenjazz: An Incredibly Strong Interview Of @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsSunday, Good Response  IC Those @FoxNews NaySayers dissapating!""""""@UndEngel: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing ""fake"" about you, sir.""""""@AnnCoulter:He's right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country""Just reported by CNN that ""the Trump halo effect""  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!"It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!"""@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!""""""@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!"""I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!"""@mesiaindo: @chazermann26 I don't think @NBC will cave. They've seen ratings soar with @realDonaldTrump and Money matters!""""""@danlifting: @realDonaldTrump Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!"""I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!"""@AdamBlickstein:I never thought I'd say this but @realDonaldTrump sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe""""@smr111382: @realDonaldTrump One of the best interviews I have seen!""  @FoxNews""""@WalterEKurtzJr: @realDonaldTrump  Chris Wallace: ""After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President""""@97Musick: @FoxNewsSunday @skyjones55 @realDonaldTrump Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016""  Thanks.""""@Glitter_alex: @realDonaldTrump is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!""""""@girl_iowagirl20: #STOPTHEPRESSES @britthume just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver @FoxNews""Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about ""self-deportation"" and ""47%"". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!".@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!".@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible ""choke"" loss to Obama!""""@blondesforjesus: @FoxNewsSunday Loving @realDonaldTrump interview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace"" Thank you.".@FoxNewsSundayJeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!"""@bk2seattle: @realDonaldTrump I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!!"" What a fantastic evening!""""@HL3tweets: Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone""""""@vlynpowell: @realDonaldTrump At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!"Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks"""@mimi_saulino: @mariclaire81 @realDonaldTrump Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis."I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!"""@aspiesmom: NYPost ""gets it"", you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he ""gets it"" too, and you've got his vote""".@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!"""@myhealthcoach1: @NoahGrayCNN  Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!""".@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainNo @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down..@JebBush,At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp, did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, ""Sloppy"" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?".@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!"""@jimmy_jkmorgan:  @JoeyL3rd @foxandfriends @EricTrump Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.""Thanks""""@JohnNew2015:  @lance_combrink Well, @KarlRove is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is @JebBush - That's sad, eh!?""""""@Pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious. @realDonaldTrump is a force that is unstoppable""""""@SHLOMO_ABADDON: @TODAYshow @MLauer @realDonaldTrump Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !""""""@JoeyL3rd: @foxandfriends @EricTrump Grt interview, I'm telling ya, @realDonaldTrump children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him &amp, his campaign".@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!"""@lance_combrink: @realDonaldTrump Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?""""""@Hohummm: Did you also hear Megyn say ""Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls"" OUTRIGHT LIE!""  Hatred!""""@RickStans1: Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused &amp, make your own narrative. It's working"""Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp, Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates"""@RedScareBot: @brandongordy1: @realDonaldTrump is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.""""""@bigmikeobrien: @EricTrump @skyjones55 @greta @FoxNews  @oreillyfactor @CarlRove is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment""""""@IsupportTrump16: @realDonaldTrump Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.""""@davidaxelrod: .Met @IvankaTrump a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person."""Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party..@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp, was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!"""@FoxGotTrumped: @realDonaldTrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016"Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews."""@CHM1321: @realDonaldTrump is ""in it to win it"".""""""@TrumpFix: I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!".@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!"""@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!""""""@PauperInAPinch: @realDonaldTrump Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Angie58493041: @sadmexi @realDonaldTrump sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015""""""@debateless: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC""""""@magnifier661: @realDonaldTrump they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016"""Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!"""@suzyserb: @realDonaldTrump 100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition""""@FrankGuaragna: @realDonaldTrump OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster.""""@Cola0531: @realDonaldTrump watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA""""""@mcowgerFL: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!""""""@Jamesppierce: These 5 make @realDonaldTrump look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate""  Cute!""""@Jtrink97: @Hell0ThereLydia @realDonaldTrump his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding""  Thanks.""""@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should support @realDonaldTrump"""Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebateSanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!"""@i_am__tyler: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!""""@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump.""  This is not a great debate - a little sad!""""@TS01171980: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off""""@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realDonaldTrump talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself""""@RealNinjetta: @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the ""Do Black Lives Matter""  Anderson let her off hook!""""@julieruot: I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need @realDonaldTrump."""Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!Good move by Bernie S.The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage."""@Achilarre: I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realDonaldTrump debated any one of these five jabronis""""""@XGDesignsNYC: Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate""  Thanks.""""@mikerichterp: @realDonaldTrump I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.""""@Iamnewhere: Webb is trying to be @realDonaldTrump and its not working.""  He is not doing well!""""@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. @realDonaldTrump""""""@NexiaVauxhall: @realDonaldTrump I love that NO group can buy @realDonaldTrump"""Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate"""@Pandorasandy1: @realDonaldTrump we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!""   Thanks!""""@prissyalways: @realDonaldTrump I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate""""""@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever, @nationalrifle needs to back @realDonaldTrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment!""""@theericker: @realDonaldTrump not watching debate....just your tweets""  Nice!""""@jennasnowy69: @realDonaldTrump why is Webb there??""""""@Roolaloo: Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with @realDonaldTrump and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016""""""@JuliaTock: @realDonaldTrump Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!""""@LaurenDa123: @realDonaldTrump I think @JebBush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage""""""@KOsbornSullivan: On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read @realDonaldTrump comments.""""@rjdicksii: @realDonaldTrump. These cats are like bad used car salesmen.""""""@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate""""""@maxxgadog: @LindaSuhler @realDonaldTrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching""""""@Jeff_Gabe: I miss @realDonaldTrump #CNNDebate"""O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way."""@tr3s3can: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!""""@amd9890: .@realDonaldTrump was right...#DemDebate is boring 😴💤 these ppl are so scripted""  So far!"The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate"""@MichaelTribunel: @realDonaldTrump imagine Chafey standing up to Putin""""""@wayway71: @realDonaldTrump Webb is OUT!!""  Bad opening!  #DemDebate""""@0Nonsense: @realDonaldTrump Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.""""""@adamscottnow: @realDonaldTrump,If I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?"Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebatePutin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate"""@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn""""""@valmouw: @realDonaldTrump where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate""""""@sassylassee: My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring @realDonaldTrump #CNNSocialistDebate""  #DemDebate""""@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016"We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!"""@MintzShire: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics We need Trump Now!!!""  Make America Great Again!""""@moshe_mkmdca: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald"" So nice!""""@hapearce1: @realDonaldTrump they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight."" I hope not!""""@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.""""""@xai7126: @greta I'd rather see @realDonaldTrump be the debate moderator!"""Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)"""@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!""""@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful &amp, intelligent tweets."" You sound like a very smart person!""""@seancduarte @TeamCavuto #Yourworld If @realDonaldTrump wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win."""How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate"""@Ma1973sk I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter""""""@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful &amp, intelligent tweets.""  Will be so much better than CNN!"The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp, CHINA?Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!"""@jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?"""Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!"""@Parker_Votes: California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. @realDonaldTrump""""@BackOnTrackUSA: @seanhannity You are looking &amp, sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!"""@mimi_saulino: @seanhannity @FoxNews Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?""""""@kyredblood: @realDonaldTrump Great Fox interview""  @seanhannity""""@heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @FoxNews time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class""""@GregWescott: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!""  Thanks!""""@VickyBrush: That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  @HorseShort""""@connie_lee1: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!"Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!"""@CFT1 @realDonaldTrump doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!"""@TheFix: Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.""  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?"I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!"""@Clint_Goodrich: They used to call Barry Diller the father of ""e-commerce""-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet"""Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp, @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful..@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!"""@MyPresidentme: @realDonaldTrump @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016""""@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16 @realDonaldTrump   The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!""""""@TheWTFTahoe: Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Jamgrigs: @realDonaldTrump Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION""""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!""  Thanks!""Will be interviewed on ""Media Buzz"" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M."Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp, @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday."""@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect @realDonaldTrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.""""""@michaeljohns With this month's 224-page @simonschuster book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..""""""@ept_rudyru @AnnCoulter I'm Hispanic &amp, @realDonaldTrump has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! """"""@JBOD2001 @realDonaldTrump yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!""""""@JayMichaelsProd  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??"""I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!"""@BarbMuenchen  @grindingdude  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again."" Thanks.""""@LauraRosenCohen @MarkSteynOnline  on @realDonaldTrump ""There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.""""""@DavidFoody @realDonaldTrump Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?""""""@AlisaApps  @realDonaldTrump you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal"" Thx"Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast."""@Momfullofhope @BorderWall @realDonaldTrump rocks it everywhere he goes"" Thanks.""""@DesignerDeb3 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr @realDonaldTrump !""""""@PennySingletary: @realDonaldTrump we know this and that's why you will be our next President""  Thank you.""""@SKennedy1979: No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited.""""""@GaryGaryt52: @DanScavino @JudiLoera @realDonaldTrump WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP""""@MidOhioMilitia: I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve"""Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else."""@Moonwkr: @realDonaldTrump I would like to nominate @IvankaTrump for Speaker of the House"" What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)"Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp, ratings are way down &amp, he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!"""@PjwJ316: @realDonaldTrump YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!""""""@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""  Thank you so much!""""@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016""  Thank you.""""@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide."""Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@DarrenJJordan: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens And he's still a consultant? For what?""  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.""""@3462727: @BretBaier @Norsu2 @realDonaldTrump tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp, pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush""""""@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!""  So true!"Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!"""@darcy027027: @realclearspam @ElliekeMary  @AnnCoulter @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !""""""@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@Foosball38: @realDonaldTrump we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016""""""@sempek1: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.""""""@darcy027027:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6""""""@nedbello: @realDonaldTrump Your Doing GREAT!""  Thanks.""""@GardiBates: @ananavarro @cnn @realDonaldTrump Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!""""@For2016: pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it""""@bluegirlvi: @BretBaier @FoxNews DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!"""@pnicastro1:  @WayneNewtonMrLV He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on @foxandfriends. Keep it up!Make America Great Again!""""""@lewgeraldine: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR ""PRESIDENT"" YOU HAVE MY VOTE.""  GREAT.""""@ChadR73: Guess Barry Diller is afraid @realDonaldTrump is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016 @Carl_C_Icahn"" An angry fool!""""@TheConnieMoore: @realDonaldTrump see u Sat in GA !!""  Great!""""@rogerhartford8: @realDonaldTrump hope you win it all . Time for a change !!""""""@Jrdavisii: @realDonaldTrump was great! @stephenfhayes is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!""""@4mostcoach: I enjoy every @realDonaldTrump speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM."Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much."""@kitkat123frank: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @SpecialKMB1969. You have my vote""""""@SteveBrainard1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN great interview Trump!""""""@CPO_Mark_2010: @realDonaldTrump is fired up on @cnn!!! So are your supporters!! #Trump2016""""""@WMikeWood: @cnn Trump Shuts down Cuomo. ""I am not getting out."" I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.""""""@jpm05880: @realDonaldTrump @CNN TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...""""""@AJ_Nix: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.""""""@Nay_2xTimes: Great interview on #NewDay @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Tea4Freedom: @realDonaldTrump @CNN That was awesome, boss! #trump2016""""""@Lisa_Steen: seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU""""""@AngelaDale143: @realDonaldTrump @CNN wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump, certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.""""""@LindaRicker6: My choice @realDonaldTrump just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.""""""@Karentalk: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..""""""@LarrySchweikart: @peddoc63 @RickCanton @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head""""""@CASuperrunner: @cu_mr2ducks @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics  Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea"""Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@jaxx613: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN . Mark Levin interview was great""""""@Q1776: Love fest for DonaldTrump on @marklevinshow just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!""""@Knight276: @Writeonright @Real_Carl_Icahn @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!""""""@4udirtyrat: @realDonaldTrump 9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama""""""@Raddmom: @realDonaldTrump - don't let the media &amp, the @GOP elites push you out- Americans are with you!"" Thanks, I won't!""""@TheWTFTahoe: @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@KingVantes: @AnnCoulter @RedState TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go after @realDonaldTrump WILL FAIL 💯 #Trump2016"""So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@Forbes: “If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.”  Nice!"I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!"""@TODAYshow: ""We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall."" -@SavannahGuthrie""  So true!""""@marklevinshow: Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time."" Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!"Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!"""@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against"I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!"""@MichellePippin: @realDonaldTrump When are you coming to #virginiabeach?"" Very soon!""""@DGrant39107133: @nathanpaul1975 Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did""""@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@nathanpaul1975: @realDonaldTrump Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!👍👍"""Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!"""@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump ""@laurencristmann: @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP... #RT #CNN #HBO""""""@TheNewsClub_US: RT @realDonaldTrump Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30. #RT #CNN #HBO""""""@DeborahCroce5: @realDonaldTrump ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER""  Thanks.""""@polemicism: Okay okay @realDonaldTrump was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.""""""@lindaleereyes: @realDonaldTrump Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!""""""@BillPwr1:  @collegestump @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican FYI @batchelorshow @larry_kudlow #Trump2016 appeal grows!""""""@NeilForell: Watched the roast of @realDonaldTrump You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now""  Great.""""@topcota1SG: @PhxKen I am Hispanic and will vote for @realDonaldTrump""""""@sfurnbac: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the great #SNL this week!!!""""""@piercingshawn: @realDonaldTrump Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !""""""@SolFusionGreg: @Mediaite The more the Progressives &amp, RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!""""""@scottferson: .@TaranKillam plays a way better fake @realDonaldTrump than a real @HillaryClinton plays herself @nbcsnl""""""@leftfootjustice: If @realDonaldTrump becomes @POTUS we will finally have a @WWE Hall of Famer as President.""""""@RealReagan0503: It's funny how they say @realDonaldTrump doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.""""@JWbananastand: @nbcsnl I think I just heard @realDonaldTrump's ratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL""""Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they ""love"" each other.They don't - word is hate!""Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last ""establishment"" man standing against me.Great""""@elkay14: @jordanfax I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocrites @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you."Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!"""@gse_says: Overwhelming wins by @realDonaldTrump in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.""""@mormontim: Going to see @realDonaldTrump tomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@tvegan: DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!""""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""  Thanks.""""@misskellyaudrey: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MELANIATRUMP Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016""""""@HowardKurtz: @JoeNBC It'd be humorous to cull tweets from ""experts"" over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse""""""@HowardKurtz: Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's ""stuff happens"" was taken out of context with @megynkelly tonight"" Thanks H!""""@valerieannt:  @DRUDGE_REPORT @JebBush Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@apolloNC1: @realDonaldTrump @MNManstein2 You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!""""""@KelliHeathman1: Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016""""""@KenPettigrew: Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!"""Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp, Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!"""@DoDFiredawg78: @realDonaldTrump Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident"""Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!"""@VoteDonaIdTrump: @realDonaldTrump @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN we love trump""""""@Renhowe: I enjoyed @donlemon‘s interview with @realDonaldTrump on @CNN Need more interviews like that."" Thanks.""""@RLHoldenSr: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!""""""@TheBrodyFile: The HUGE @TheBrodyFile DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on @700club. @ABCFamily channel at 10am ET.""""""@WETHEPEOPLE65: @realDonaldTrump @BigStick2013 @TIMENOUT @CNN @donlemon GO TRUMP, OUR GUY"""My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings."""@JYakburger: @EthaBrooke  IF @MittRomney ran more like @realDonaldTrump and less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics."I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!"""@gedion_t: @realDonaldTrump @EthaBrooke @MittRomney No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote ""T""""""@Def: CNBC's John Harwood Today ""We don't have Superman presidents"" ""No"" DonaldTrump replied ..""But we WILL if you have Trump!"" #Trump2016""""@EthaBrooke: @cs1racefan @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!""  He choked!""""@EthaBrooke:  @MittRomney Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough."" True!""""@msann43: How can Illinois keep @realDonaldTrump off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!""""@barreto_eugenio:  @MittRomney it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.""".@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!"""@JayRHaw: @realDonaldTrump was right. @RandPaul wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  #Trump2016""""""@JoyCardinShow: Latest @MULawPoll finds @ScottWalker at 37 percent approval, @realDonaldTrump leading GOP in #Wisconsin.""""@Margaretweber48: @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!"""Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!"""@sternbutgreg: @realDonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real."" Thank you!""""@TIMENOUT: @CNN @donlemon congratulations Don that was a great interview @realDonaldTrump""""""@CFT1: .@realDonaldTrump Great interview on @CNN @donlemon @CNNTonight #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP""""""@angeloftruth11: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @donlemon. Thank you.""""@AnnieClarkCole: How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.""""""@jaycatalyst1: @realDonaldTrump Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.""""""@Hashtag1USA: I just watched D Trumps interview on @CNN i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016-Thanks"I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!"""@kissmeandrocco: @realDonaldTrump who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country"" Thank you.""Just read that ""Trump"" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!"I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!"Carl Icahn said this about me:  ""I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."""I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!"""@polina6: @realDonaldTrump MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!"""Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics."""@SpurrellJulie  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for @realDonaldTrump !!"""Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY."""@ReversingASD: @60Minutes notice how your twits about @realDonaldTrump are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !""""""@fanodale: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty""""""@JodiL792: @DefendingtheUSA @america_trump @60Minutes Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan&amp,now Trump""""""@yang_karl: All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.""""""@AdiosLiberty: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump @ScottPelley Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016""""""@JennaLeeUSA: When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - @realDonaldTrump replies: ""It's cheaper than wall paper..."" Ha!""""@SkyeShepard: Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security""""""@Apipwhisperer: @MarkPavelich @gentlemanirish @60Minutes  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S. @CBS I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.""""""@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.""""""@midwestcaucus:  @60Minutes Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs""""@MeOnAJourney @realDonaldTrump Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016""""""@truthshallbe: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real."""Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!"""@Incazzato2015: @realDonaldTrump Time for real change, TRUMP 16""""""@JokerzWild_: @realDonaldTrump @TheIntellect111 Trump will win, I know it.""""""@itsblakec: @realDonaldTrump we are tired of lies. Trump 2016""""""@TheIntellect111: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time"""Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed."""@taurus82409: @CBS @60Minutes Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!"Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!"""@realDonaldTrump: I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.""""""@Vote_Trump:  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever"""Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it......Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp, Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office..."""@Rketeltas:  @JoeMarzocco Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!""".@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st."""@yayala19:  @marcorubio WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK"""Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen."""@yayala19: @politico WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE."""The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M..@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp, I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future."Headline reads"" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll"" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%".@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!"""@Mark60644:  @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016"""I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!"I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day ""unscheduled"" vacation."Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!"Senator Marco ""amnesty"" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION"Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate"""@JimShellenback: @realDonaldTrump @EdwardChelednik @FoxNews I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.""""""@HuskerPower811: @celestefick @realDonaldTrump Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!""""""@IgnatiusGReilly: @charlescwcooke @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?""""""@MiriamRoseMc:  #TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@JimClarkFarrier: @Rockprincess818 @LeahR77 @realDonaldTrump is the only one who can get us out of this mess!""  True!""""@glendabelle_11: @FoxNews Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching""""@EdwardChelednik: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.""""@bobby990r_1: @MediaBiasAlert  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.""""""@VickyBrush:  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off @FoxNews! There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!""""@wallen_jeanine: @realDonaldTrump I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner""""""@AngelaTribble: @realDonaldTrump WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thanks.""""@JodiL792:  @FoxNews I have been since you started running &amp, I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure."" Yes!""""@ethansimmons111: @AllRepublicans @Ecsullie @RagingCynicism @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @KarlRove Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family""""""@madscape: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network""""""@seleti00: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.""""""@TheMindWave:  @FoxNews Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!""""""@joeoh89: @seanhannity  @realDonaldTrump What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.""""""@PhyllisA: @Hopeisalive66 @jdanielmoore @theblaze @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!""""""@waynearmstron10: @realDonaldTrump you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon.""  True.""""@ellenEspence: @marklevinshow Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks Mark!".@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews."""@john_dipaolo: @realDonaldTrump will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.""""@diannrr: @megynkelly Do you dream about @realDonaldTrump? He's in your head. Let it go."" She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.""""@Rbbrkhd: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor  @FoxNews The way you have treated @realDonaldTrump is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair""""""@blewthebigone: @realDonaldTrump Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.""""""@tammyhorne19: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor love you trump""""""@coolgirl6978:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass""""""@bewhatjesuswas: @oreillyfactor @FoxNews You dominate not because of them-but despite them,They need you more than you need them""""""@Patrick92299179: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Couldn't agree more!"""Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!"""@RagingCynicism: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.""".@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!"""@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!"I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecordI got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future."""@JudgeMoroz  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message @realDonaldTrump"""#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon."""@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!""""@linley4067_jane: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.""""""@mickelsenkyle: @TODAYshow could you make your interview with @realDonaldTrump any more biased or... #TrumpForPresident""""""@talsept58: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You are great!!""""""@JohnSte38475254: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?""""""@nunyabus1: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you go trumpy, don't back down""  I won't.""""@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.""""@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel""""""@PaulkDebra: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!""""""@MNTwisterChaser: Thanks @SavannahGuthrie and @NBCNews for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016"The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!"""@SaijoSaijo75: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!"""Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be greatIf I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!    -- Donald J. TrumpWould be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp, a thank you note?Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!"Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is ""milking"" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!""""@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016""  Thanks""""@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami."" Great.""""@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.""""""@almy23841665: @DlSCORD @realDonaldTrump More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!""""@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The ""sold to lobbyists"" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win."""I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp, listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp, special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp, arena! Thank you @mcuban..@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie."Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said ""NO"". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!"Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp, @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp, the military!Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp, will raise lots of $ for charity."""@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!"""Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?"""@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016""""@whyWinblo: @realDonaldTrump please make this country great again &amp, help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016""""""@jeffraykovich: @realDonaldTrump Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Yes.""""@DaveInKeno: Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!""""""@joeearle: @Pistol044 There's only one I'll never support: @realDonaldTrump""""@Edward1:Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.""""""@BigBrotherKat: I hated to love it, but @realDonaldTrump was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald"""I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate.I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him..@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!"""@BrandyDianeK2: @realDonaldTrump @davist19  That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!""""""@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump: Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again""""""@joehos18: Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all""""""@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.""""@Trump_in_2016: @realDonaldTrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.""""@DanielleBoussel: ""I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong""-@realDonaldTrump""""""@MlSSTHOT: @realDonaldTrump I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump"" Thanks.""""@LukeDillon6: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump"" Nice, thanks!""""@ravila30:Loved you on Jimmy lastnight &amp, how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much""""@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb, like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump""""@JohnnnnyT: @realDonaldTrump blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE.""""""@pennybishop16: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@iamapatsfan: What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!""""@5SOS_jrt1d: Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on @FallonTonight - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!""""""@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about @realDonaldTrump we need him"" We will make America great again!""""@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again.""""""@unknown_resist: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!""""""@davist19: If I was 18 I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you!""""@debra0155: @realDonaldTrump @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump""""""@Chrisofficer23: @realDonaldTrump @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016""""""@DesignerDeb3:  @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - &amp, jobs""""""@jenilynn1001: @FallonTonight @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@GinHay: Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!"""The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him...."""@Plruble58 @realDonaldTrump The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo🏻"""I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PMWow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at meI had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!"""@christa_dorsett: @realDonaldTrump we want Trump! America needs him desperately!""""@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was"""Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!"The lobbyists &amp, special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me ""just a little"" but is very false!"I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp, special interests for Jeb &amp, others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp, wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center"""@georgeokc: @realDonaldTrump @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.""""""@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realDonaldTrump I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k"" Thank you!""""@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp, Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except ""jobs"" pres @realDonaldTrump!"Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!"""@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp, Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except ""jobs"" @realDonaldTrump.""""@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars.""""""@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!""""""@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!""""""@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere""""""@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars""""@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump""""""@jackson3pack: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.""""""@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.""""""@1ns1de_J9b: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract ""donations"" from others""""""@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization""""""@SlwStdySqueeze: @realDonaldTrump is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016""""""@cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump"" Thank you.".@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?"""@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor""""@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. He's the leader."""I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!"""@HardcoreRepub:  @realDonaldTrump  AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt, POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016"""The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLEDHillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black"Saudi Arabia was ""vehemently"" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?""Just announced that because of ""Trump"", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?""Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate ""gotcha"" guy!""Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical ""gotcha"" questions"The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!"""@bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from @realDonaldTrump success? #Election2016""""""@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@linnie13: @greta @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us."""Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!"""@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"" Sadly, so true!".@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!"""@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly, @realDonaldTrump spoke from heart.""""@sparkey03: @realDonaldTrump Go #Trump2016""""""@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions."" He is a joke!""""@gulfportedd: @realDonaldTrump Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...""""""@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have beenThe president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!"""@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNewsWhy does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won electionI’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see themCongrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp, special interests. Bad system.Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?"""@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!"The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@highwayhopper66: @ConnieMackIV @00patriot My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD!"" Thank you"Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info"""@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016"""Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!"""@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA""""@NancyLLeonard: Love 'em or hate 'em @realDonaldTrump is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.""""@TheLongShotzz: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins""""""@jp_sitles: @realDonaldTrump HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe""""""@kathystone1221: @realDonaldTrump @therealbigdt @FoxNews @krauthammer #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!"""Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins"""@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer @realDonaldTrump #Trump is the Real Deal, Baby."" Thank you.""""@PeteNice1976: @realDonaldTrump @irisodle #ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back &amp, #Trump will handle #IranDeal &amp, #ISIS""""@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President of the USA""""""@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!""""""@FoxNews: .@Rub: @jorgeramosnews should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton &amp, Univision is being sued by @realDonaldTrump."""Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places..@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you..@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!"""@ladycatherinecd @realDonaldTrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016""""""@CodyShirk @genemarks @Entrepreneur @realDonaldTrump Because he speaks &amp, acts like a real person, not like a slimy, calculated politician.""""""@beck_coulter @realDonaldTrump Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me."""@linda_lcarson: @realDonaldTrump Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!""""@ASA_Patriot: @realDonaldTrump @PatrickStinard @megynkelly I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm""""""@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN ""TACKY PATAKI"" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK""""@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.""""""@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore, @realDonaldTrump has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!".@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls"Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a ""fence."" It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!"Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!"In a clumsy move to get out of his ""anchor babies"" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS"Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!"""@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!""""@YoungYoung54:  @JeriHyatt @megynkelly @JebBush So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!""""""@Barbavh: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!""""""@AdriannaMarie: @realDonaldTrump People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards.""""@jdwarren12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir""  Thank you.""""@toneantone96: @realDonaldTrump No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of @realDonaldTrump Leadership!""""@mstanish53: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .""""""@MikeRaj7:  @megynkelly Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT""""""@swamp_bug: @seanhannity  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP.""""""@bigpaulfla: @realDonaldTrump  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace""""""@ColeHudson68: @megynkelly  @FoxNews @theBlaze @greta @OreillyFactor Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox."""I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!"""@JeriHyatt: @megynkelly @JebBush @realDonaldTrump Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!""""""@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016"" Perhaps so!""""@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump""""@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary"Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump."""@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp, home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember ""read my lips, no more taxes""). GREATNESS!"Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season.How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!"I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said ""the rooms capacity is just over 2000."" But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room.".@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!"""@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!""""""@crstin0516: @DanScavino @keraladubai @realDonaldTrump That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA 🇺🇸 #America"""Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence."""@AmyMek Every Time I see @realDonaldTrump address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016"""How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!"Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term ""anchor babies,"" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!"Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt @realDonaldTrump is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking.""""""@MattyJack33:  @TomLlamasABC So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!""".@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp, criminals"@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement ""we're going to get them out so fast, so quick"" applied to hard core criminals &amp, gang members. LIE""""@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!""""""@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed"Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight..@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!"""@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth @realDonaldTrump has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country."I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!""""""@JoeWeissnmb @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 Walker &amp, Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 ""They sound like boys compared to Trump.""""""@ktumulty Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August"""If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp, lots of jobs for U.S."""@JohnBerman Two explanations on @realDonaldTrump that seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation.""".@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp, want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!"""@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!""""""@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp, @krauthammer - watch and learn""""@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers can't win against El Rushbo""""@paulfincher2: I truly believe @realDonaldTrump is America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp, create needed jobs.""""@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need @realDonaldTrump as president ASAP.""""""@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said @realDonaldTrump DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview👍👍 #Trump2016""""""@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realDonaldTrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz."I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget..@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!"""@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016""""@javonniandjeno: @realDonaldTrump @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!"""Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp, The Apprentice to run for President!People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp, folks @NBC were GREAT!"""@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump"""The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp, make Iran a force like never before."""@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."""Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!"""@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016""".@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul..@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!"""@officialjtw: @realDonaldTrump You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016""  So nice, thank you.""""@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION"""Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp, assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20."""@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!"""Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp, I get zip!I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!"""@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP""""@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@WWDBLane: @realDonaldTrump Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.""""@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you.""""""@granitttg: @realDonaldTrump it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump""""""@george_frye: @realDonaldTrump Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!""""""@sacquisto23: .@realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money"Almost universal support that ""Trump won the debate."" Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!"Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!".@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. ""weakness.""""Re Megyn Kelly quote: ""you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever"" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought""So many ""politically correct"" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!""""@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡"""The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp, you say nothing but bad..."""@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional""""""@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump""""""@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on @realDonaldTrump was unbecoming &amp, a total failure. @FoxNews""""@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie @realDonaldTrump Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate""""""@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting @realDonaldTrump on Election Day.""""""@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president""""@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina""""""@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again""""""@678b4612a62641f: @realDonaldTrump @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!""""""@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realDonaldTrump. He speaks the truth!""""""@Diplomt: @realDonaldTrump is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly &amp, @BretBaier tried to take him out.""""@stinger_inc: @realDonaldTrump  @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased.""""""@BrianCraigShow: @realDonaldTrump your rocked &amp, won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump""""""@agcaddauan: @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*""""""@Diplomtc_Immnty: @realDonaldTrump They tried to take you out &amp, your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators.""""@Reid2962: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda.""""@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all you've got??? Haha.""""""@JetRanger69: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO.""""""@Lking2fly: I gotta have @realDonaldTrump in the White House that'd be such a game changer"""I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!".@FrankLuntz, your so-called ""focus groups"" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!"Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch..@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp, @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel."""@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆 #GOPDebate"" She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite".@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!"""@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz @realDonaldTrump Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!""""""@RubenMMoreno: @realDonaldTrump The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!""""@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job! @realDonaldTrump You are real &amp, everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority""I look forward to tonight's ""debate"" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!"".@realbobmassi, who does a show called ""Bob Massi Is The Property Man"" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!""""@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??""""@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.""""""@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too""""""@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald""""""@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56 @realDonaldTrump  We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!""""""@ChadSchiebler: I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about @realDonaldTrump don't let us down! We believe! #landslide""""""@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know.""""@Women4Trump: @realDonaldTrump @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.""""""@SemiNoland: @realDonaldTrump Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.""  True!""""AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!""""""@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.""""""@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot""""""@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! """"""@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's""""""@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. We're running out of time!""""""@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit."""Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well."""@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.""""@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.""""@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald."" Thanks.""""@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.""""""@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don""""""@BADfundraisers: @realDonaldTrump All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016!"" I do love winning!""""@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump""""@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@TrumpsGucciGirl: @realDonaldTrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17""""@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize @realDonaldTrump isn’t the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is.""""""@RoniSeale: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016""""""@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand Hillary is a total liar👿""""""@sr_stocks: @WSJ @realDonaldTrump winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016"""I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin"""@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it.""""""@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness"""Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!"""@bedard_nancy: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH""""""@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016""""""@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,&amp, breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016""""@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it."""Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!"""@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp, more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp, understand, He loves USA"""We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert EinsteinIt came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world..@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp, you did a fabulous job on commentary..@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp, is miserable.Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp, not him"""@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!""""""@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016""""Bush is pretending that the ""Trump surge"" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush ""delight"" - con job, a Bush nightmare!""""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!""""""@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.""""""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP""""""@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016""""""@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Great.""""@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....""""""@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp, Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.""""""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP""""""@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 💯💯💯💯""""""@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!""""""@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.""""""@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!""""""@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!""""""@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever!"" Thanks""""@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America""""@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!"" Thanks.""""@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!"""I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!"""@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!""""@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers""""@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET"""@ColinSWood  @realDonaldTrump is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.""""""@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards.""""""@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and @realDonaldTrump = Pols Are Bought &amp, Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!"""If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry FordWow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp, Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @TurnberrybuzzShould not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJThe polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp, it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp, highly respectful of the other candidates.Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp, will be all over television tonite. Back on trail SaturdayCarl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp, misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp, he hates it!"""@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp, he's his own backer""""""@lasannewton @realDonaldTrump The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors""""""@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016""""""@LinFlies  @califortrump @realDonaldTrump  we love #TrumpForPresident &amp, thankful""""""@linablue: @realDonaldTrump I love the fact you can't be ""bought""...""""""@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump""""""@BillLester651: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump Latinos for Trump believes in Trump"""Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp, others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ..."""@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.""""""@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner."""I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me..CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easyLawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees..@CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep."""@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!"Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you soA nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp, donors that are supporting them with billions.“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald ReaganObama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped..#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp, most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop"""@thehill @realDonaldTrump The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things""""""@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016""""""@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump  McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets, fact! He only talks about himself! 😣""""""@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get the""B Team"" off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump".@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down."""@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016"""Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp, back on trail."""@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp, calls out their lies""""""@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"""Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA."""@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS""""""@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!""".@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!"""@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016""""""@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp, Blue.@UnitedCitizen01""""""@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes""""""@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016"""When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp, gaining."""@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.""""""@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people""""""@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.""""@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!""""""@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.""""""@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.""""""@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.""""""@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.""""""@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !""""""@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.""""""@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again.""""""@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.""""""@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead""""""@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!""""""@Man_In_The_Hole: ""Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@DDiTarant: America needs @realDonaldTrump ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses &amp, addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?""""""@billyjowiggins: @realDonaldTrump The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep""""""@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years, Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com""""""@fubaglady: .@npomalley  @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand &amp, who's over stayed his welcome?""""""@about_life: @realDonaldTrump Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Let’s Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com""""""@about_life: @realDonaldTrump I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Let’s Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com""""""@DavidKyleOnline: @realDonaldTrump attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.""""""@EOetzel: @peddoc63 @realDonaldTrump  JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....""""""@bluestarwindow: @realDonaldTrump @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump"" True!""""@Brammz3: In full support of @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016""""@_John_Handel: @realDonaldTrump @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.""""@WalterWhfla: @realDonaldTrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT""""""@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi""""@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain".@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc."""@Hturne: @realDonaldTrump vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE.""""""@guthrie_kelley: @realDonaldTrump AMEN. Thank you Trump""""""@KingSchnabel: @realDonaldTrump College students love trump. Never change.""  Great.""""@RICHMCLOUGHLIN: @realDonaldTrump @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL.""""""@ZacharySmitty: @realDonaldTrump I just listened to this speech and loved it!""""""@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True""""@otto2468: @realDonaldTrump He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016""""""@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!""""@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to @realDonaldTrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister"" A horrible newspaper, failing badly.""""@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals""""""@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realDonaldTrump veterans for Trump 2016""""""@YossiGestetner: Whoa! @realDonaldTrump shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago, outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great""""@CoachAbda: Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!""""""@RustyOsborne15: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote""  Thanks."Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple..@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!"""@energypryde: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger.""""""@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is."" Will never happen!""""@kerrygold1914: @realDonaldTrump @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it"""Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!"""@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump""""@GarethBale22: @realDonaldTrump you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it""""""@Operator1975: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!""""""@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!""""""@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting. @realDonaldTrump Woke up about 300 Million people""""@ConnieHegel: @realDonaldTrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch""  So true!""""@lucascoon1: @realDonaldTrump Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more""""""@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES""""@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON."Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp, then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!"""@KimBredesen @realDonaldTrump I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is ""offended"" by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@nozzero  @realDonaldTrump Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!""""""@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.""""""@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!"""Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence..@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!"""@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?""""""@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!""""""@flanny1971: @realDonaldTrump clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!""""@facingeast52: @realDonaldTrump Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."""Thoughts &amp, prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!"""@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016""".@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes."""@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the @realDonaldTrump, why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?""""""@grant_hose  I like @realDonaldTrump . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not ""what you wanna hear"".""""@TheJordanHafizi @realDonaldTrump  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!""""""@themakaylamarie @realDonaldTrump is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.""  Thanks.""""@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!""""""@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back""""@Kathe56Kat: @realDonaldTrump please be careful""  Thank you!""""@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion.""""""@rox473: @realDonaldTrump Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS"""Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!"""@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA &amp, telling it like it is!""""""@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion""""""@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump"""Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!"""@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!""".@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!"""@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits &amp, take them from disabled Vets""""""@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe""""""@gene70: @realDonaldTrump @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald".@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow."""@bitchpuuuhlease: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!""""""@bhill3333: We don't know Trump positions &amp, he's dominating polls. @GOP should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP""""@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.""".@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!"""@jimlibertarian:  @realDonaldTrump is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS"Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp, bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!"""@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!""""""@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!""""@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like ""is he for real"" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD""""@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!""  Thank you.""""@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence""""""@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians""""@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!""""@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.""""@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016"""I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!"""@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!"Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!"""@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone""""""@jinx510 @realDonaldTrump don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth.""""""@woofeous @realDonaldTrump GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'."""I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!"""@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.""".@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!"""@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here! @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!""""""@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.""""@ConnorBaldwin21: @realDonaldTrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it""""""@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican &amp, I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!""""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump""""""@ultradave1951: @realDonaldTrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records""""""@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!""""""@AlleyKat2: @realDonaldTrump doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man""  So true.""""@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists""""""@azuriterealtor: @realDonaldTrump @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!"""Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you."""@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity""""@erintighe_: @realDonaldTrump your the only person who really wants to save America""""""@bxldgxng: @realDonaldTrump i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America""""""@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!""""""@schwartzb: @realDonaldTrump we need your help Donald! Make us great again!""""""@lizaperri: @realDonaldTrump The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job.""""""@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you @realDonaldTrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is""""""@greengolf56: @realDonaldTrump Keep going Mr trump America needs you""""""@MrsJRobbins: America needs @realDonaldTrump !!!  #Trump2016""""""@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about @realDonaldTrump and nothing about BernieSanders""""@TCastilonia: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.""""@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us""""""@BrianCstandsup: @realDonaldTrump I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016""""""@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!""""""@djf123: @realDonaldTrump @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!""""@Dark_Red_Hair: .@realDonaldTRUMP - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR""""""@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@kpmck63: I'm going to listen to @realDonaldTrump LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@alyssathgreat:  “SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell.” #OReillyFactor""""""""@Malibu101834: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.""""""@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans."It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion""""""@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.""""""@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE""""""@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?""""""@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?""""""@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp, yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing""""""@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.""""""@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!"""""" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain"""We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!"""@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!""""@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.""""""@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!""""""@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica""""""@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever""""""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@97Musick: @realDonaldTrump Voters LIKE ""tough and smart""... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!""""""@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty""""""@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump that's all the career politicians do is talk""""""@GinaandersonRN: @realDonaldTrump ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH""""""@sjbatis: @realDonaldTrump Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!""""""@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!""""""@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them""""""@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle."""I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINThe Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk."John McCain called thousands of people ""crazies"" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!""""@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!"""“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham"""@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll""""""@amsardina: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson kick there ass Trump""""""@sloopjohnb15: @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016""""""@deannecox777:  @SharylAttkisson Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin'"""One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp, bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....I will make this right for our great Vets!All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!It's driving @ariannahuff &amp, the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll."""@koltonbittner: .@realDonaldTrump makes me proud to be an American"" So nice, thank you!""""@rua1ri: @realDonaldTrump your what America needs Donald!""  Thank you.""""@jimlibertarian: @realDonaldTrump @nonstop85716 it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS""""@SteveMullaney1: @realDonaldTrump has all of my support!!""""""@BillyParker03: @realDonaldTrump The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!""""""@JoeyCarna: @realDonaldTrump if you don't win I'm moving to Europe."" We will all win together!""""@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident""""""@JCippy: @realDonaldTrump for our next President !!""""""@nonstop85716: @realDonaldTrump.I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote""".@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!"""@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl  @realDonaldTrump The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez.""""""@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if @realDonaldTrump was the president."" Thanks!""""@GotMade: @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain"""Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today..@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate..@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means..@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!"The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them ""crazies""--must apologize!"“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald ReaganLeaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran"""@danforc  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here"" Thx""""@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.""""""@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see @realDonaldTrump tell things the way they are &amp, calling out those with no credibility""""""@pbstwo @RasmussenNews @realDonaldTrump @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.""""""@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!""""""@MichaelPlu @realDonaldTrump @Macys we never shopped at Macy's anyway &amp, will now encourage three daughters not to as well""".@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job."""@joshdronzek  @realDonaldTrump @Macys GO TRUMP"""I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago."Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks ""bull"" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.""""@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is."" So true!""""@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp, no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that""""""@ReevesMH  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!""".@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes..@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp, lost all races—a Bushy!.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp, family are amazing."""@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by @realDonaldTrump w/ parents of kids killed by illegals.""""@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.""""""@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!""""""@kavemanrj  @realDonaldTrump Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country."""Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well."""@Zimbo251: @realDonaldTrump @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!""""""@NorthStarMF: @realDonaldTrump love you, please fix america!""""""@LeeEllmauerJr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories &amp, warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!""""""@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !"Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant."""@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit."""Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security..@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!"""@bdean1468 @jlangdale @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD &amp, SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!""""When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, ""Mexico is sending...."", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo"....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp, crime, they get the money!El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S."The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our ""leaders"" can't say no!".....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!...Trump, however, would kick his ass!Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America."""@gump6363: I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@PHATWHODAT: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?""  Everywhere!""""@frank_lemoine: @realDonaldTrump The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!""""""@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!""""""@Pg1493: @realDonaldTrump I love what you want to do with this country!!""""""@WayneDupreeShow: Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against ""illegal immigration"" into him hating ""all immigrants""""@DannyBo4455:  @hamishjoy Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word"""Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!"""@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp, out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@hamishjoy: There's no republican field at all. When the @realDonaldTrump is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016"I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!"""@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!"""@alarae37 @realDonaldTrump keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!""""""@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth"""Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp, @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgainObama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years."""@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!""""""@ErinEdwards001 @realDonaldTrump thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote.""""""@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP."""Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OCDummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important..."""@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want.""""""@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC &amp, will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth."""Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!"""@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely""""""@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else""""""@_JoshBishop @ppppolls  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem""""Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve"", doing well, end!""""@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald""""""@bdevil89: @krauthammer &amp, rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like @realDonaldTrump - #immigration affects everything in society.""""@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no.""""""@DavidBougs: @krauthammer Krauthammer sold some books, now ""His Pomposity"" thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!""""""@mcgranejt: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools &amp, out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@williamonlyrent: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016"" Thank you.""""@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA"You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!"""@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday"" That is correct. I look forward to it""""@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.""""""@CrystalPrebola @realDonaldTrump @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.""""""@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did""""""@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed"""Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon."""@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.""""""@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician.""".@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all..@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp, more!Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"""@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit &amp, Run of Family. @realDonaldTrump is not wrong. #Trump2016""""""@lolabigirl  I'm not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President.""".@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp, fast!People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide."""@hallmarkm1 @realDonaldTrump is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@bdean1: If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich as @realDonaldTrump I'm happy as hell he's running! #Trump2016""""""@Brainbow_Bite: @realDonaldTrump I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION!"" Thank you!"We have got to take our country back. It's time!"""@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US""""""@ericbolling: The ""Establishment"" GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donald you've got them nervous.""""@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! @realDonaldTrump""""""@DavesBigWife:@Macys I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@fernandocarnal @realDonaldTrump @Macys not shopping there again!""""""@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN"""Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US"""@tiffyluck: @realDonaldTrump God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.""""""@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp, crowd was energized &amp, hungering 4 real leadership.""""@2big2bereal: @realDonaldTrump donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right""""""@LendonDonna: @realDonaldTrump BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support""""""@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident""""""@shoegoddesss: @realDonaldTrump Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!"""Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday"""@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush"""I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp, can't solve the problems.I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants."""@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people.""""""@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.""""""@thedemonking18: Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president"""Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite"""@GarettWadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!""""""@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported @realDonaldTrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you."" Thanks Ted!""""@spankemewanke18: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump #2016""""""@jackie4545890: @realDonaldTrump good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real""""""@NeBonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!""""""@futureicon: @GOP Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times""""@wizHether: DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!""""""@eastonelliott22:@_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&amp,respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump""""@mdavis22569: : @realDonaldTrump How is it possible @Macys is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?""""@ReillyCarole: @realDonaldTrump .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it ."" Thank you!""""@marita1j: Praying @realDonaldTrump continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!""""""@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts""""""@catisbetter666: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama""""""@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans""""""@bdean1468: @JebBush &amp, @marcorubio couldn't carry @realDonaldTrump 's gym bags. #Trump2016""""""@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine""""@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident""""""@KMoriconi: @realDonaldTrump Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!""""""@DCnumerology: @realDonaldTrump @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN""""""@TJeeyy: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸""""""@_Tsac_: I'm probably going to vote for @realDonaldTrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.""""""@StephPrichard1: You never give up🇺🇸 Hope you win. @realDonaldTrump you're my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican""""""@markg0077: @NeBonnie @realDonaldTrump But still, we put our trust in @MittRomney and he FAILED us.""""""@FrankieEMT_B: @realDonaldTrump You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!""""""@Nick_Da_Slick: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump""""""@mckee16365: @realDonaldTrump I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016""""""@Lauren_Nann: @realDonaldTrump @BradSaidWhat STAND WITH TRUMP 2016""""""@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!""""""@BradSaidWhat: @realDonaldTrump NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!""""""@nanaelaine7: I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"" Thanks.""""@zengadfly: .@VRWCTexan @JebBush @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump @gatewaypundit More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash"""Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!"""@MikeG_Beats: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@SharNeal: ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals."What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!"""@mariclaire81: @justdoit377 @realDonaldTrump @marcorubio I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio""""""@rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say ""ALL are criminals &amp, rapists"" .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying""""""@usclarry: Mr @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense."""HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@roparsons: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!"""I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!"""@KingAmory: Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for @realDonaldTrump""""""@mikescintoshow: @realDonaldTrump He says what others are too afraid to say, the truth!""""""@Reveretoo: @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump""""""@omgnastygirl: @realDonaldTrump Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !""""""@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it.""""""@myGianLuca:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Say it LOUD &amp, PROUD @realDonaldTrump! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!""""""@funtravel777: @RoniSeale @usplaymoney  @marcorubio Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader.""".@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp, yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US"""@bzocash: @realDonaldTrump that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you""""""@BonnieKit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken""""""@_fly_on_wall_: sucks when @realDonaldTrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us"""My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!"""A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation."" - President Ronald Reagan"Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!"""@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs""""""@davidrwoods: @realDonaldTrump is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.""""""@jazztheelf: @realDonaldTrump you're the only reason I'm registering to vote &amp, first president I'm donating to!! 🇺🇸"" Thanks.""""@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!""""""@seanbarakett: @realDonaldTrump id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. You’ve got my vote""""""@james_artherton: @realDonaldTrump full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!""""""@kobuck12: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton""""@Iceman0921: I support @realDonaldTrump and I as well will no longer give my business to @Macys . #Trump2016""  Great!""""@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner @realDonaldTrump @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?""""""@frankdimauro: @realDonaldTrump Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016""""""@bperez733: @realDonaldTrump @Numerologynow Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph""""""@KingRollinZonez: @realDonaldTrump never voted but your getting my vote""""""@babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangers&amp,criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people""""@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN""""@Spen_A_John: @realDonaldTrump @TheguhMantap hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight""""""@TheguhMantap: @realDonaldTrump you are next President USA"" Make America Great Again!""""@Non_PC_Guy:  @HoustonGunn @Macys In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!""""""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land""""""@jharwood14: If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an ""honest"" POTUS."""As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry"""@yeswecandeport: @realDonaldTrump @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.""""""@HoustonGunn: My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they won't shop at @Macys again. @realDonaldTrump""""@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth""""""@PatrickJLavin: @realDonaldTrump @GroverWindham @Highlander6700 @Macys Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard.""""""@MellysModern: So ready for @realDonaldTrump to do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!""""""@jeanne_mazzotta: @Macys @realDonaldTrump shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard""""""@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!""""""@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!""""""@GroverWindham: @realDonaldTrump @Highlander6700 @Macys #obama called them gangbanger &amp, criminals""""""@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians. @realDonaldTrump will set it straight!""""""@clew136:DonaldTrump your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016""""""@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!""""""@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.""""""@Highlander6700: @realDonaldTrump @Macys: Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context""""@chipman88 @realDonaldTrump @DavidDCarpenter @lafrana @Macys I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there."""Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp, ineffective. Double the sanctions!"""@LepleyAmanda @realDonaldTrump @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!""""""@BackOnTrackUSA @JulUSN @Macys Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online &amp, millions of us will continue to buy your products.""""""@rebamoreland you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!""""""@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean"" Thx""""@NeilECollins  @Macys  only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.""""""@RunPureMichigan  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with @realDonaldTrump and public #BoycottMacys""""""@Neilleon_ @realDonaldTrump sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.""""""@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true""""""@onesoldiersmom @ArtNGonzalez @earredondo If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians.""""""@racheljoycowley I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!""""""@lafrana @realDonaldTrump @Macys  I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!"""Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!"""@BettyeBear: @realDonaldTrump Every working class (every color) knows Trump &amp, wants to be rich like him - faces light up😎😍  @macys""""""@JimStaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz @realDonaldTrump Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact.""""""@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump ⬅️ I'm Latina/ Legal &amp, fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!""""""@TickerCandy: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped"" Great.""""@muireb_tpnd: @realDonaldTrump You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!""""""@Sheriapple: @realDonaldTrump Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth.""""@TeresaWageman: @realDonaldTrump @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.""""""@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors.""""@JulUSN: @realDonaldTrump  They look bad. @Macys screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right &amp, they know it!""""""@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys""""""@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional.""""""@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking @realDonaldTrump. We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 👍""""""@David_A_Hurd: @realDonaldTrump Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016""""""@ehShaun: @realDonaldTrump knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president.""""""@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America."""Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!"""@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cowerto the media, lobbyists or anyone else.""""""@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.""".@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp, story last night. Greatly appreciated!For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp, stopping illegal immigration.Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp,  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp, has zero gravitas. Let it die!"""@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness"""Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM."""@woofeous @realDonaldTrump Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political ""sugar-coating"" &amp, double-speak.""""""@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.""""""@melsthemom @realDonaldTrump NBC=censorship. I'm done with them""""""@Figlo7 @realDonaldTrump Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!""""""@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire @realDonaldTrump but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot""""""@kingjersey1 @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people"""I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!"""@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump LOVE the TRUMP!""""""@ChipB: Like him or not @realDonaldTrump says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016""""""@echump: @megynkelly  @realDonaldTrump if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump""""""@C_Archaeology: @realDonaldTrump is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot""""""@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.""""""@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @slucch24 @AnnCoulter It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?""""""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @amstaffbru I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!""""@KristyWillams79: @realDonaldTrump I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman.""""@TheHolyBreadcat: @realDonaldTrump Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems.""""""@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote""""@jacobmathews: @realDonaldTrump @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.""""@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for @realDonaldTrump""""""@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down""""""@MARGIE352: @realDonaldTrump I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.""""@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN @realDonaldTrump Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!""""""@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants""""""@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍"""Remember, Univision apologized!"""@BrittainShannon: @realDonaldTrump @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil""""""@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say ""I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America"""""Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT"""@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be.""""@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today, Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!""""""@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!"" I promise!""""@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016""""@agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realDonaldTrump @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength""""""@MalachiNorris: I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump""""@KevinGalyon: @realDonaldTrump i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader"" Thank you.""""@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump "" doesn't support the latinos "" if u do i'll paypal u $1k.""""""@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO""""""@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job""""""@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thank you.".@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. TrumpUnivision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!"""@RSan: Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True."See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon."""@TadBoikins: @dabeard @realDonaldTrump He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit""""""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @HCannonball not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again.""""@itsEmilyshine: @realDonaldTrump would be the best president 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 #DonaldTrumpforPresident""""""@incorrectpoliti: Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT @realDonaldTrump""""@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney @realDonaldTrump @beny_benson""""""@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either""""""@DattiJulia: @realDonaldTrump I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man.""""""@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.""""@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE @realDonaldTrump &amp, @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS""""@FreedomHaawk: @realDonaldTrump Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP."" I will!""""@JasonKoster17: In @realDonaldTrump we trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@mjh811: @realDonaldTrump @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!""  Great.""""@NYCStadsliv: @realDonaldTrump @StephPrichard1 You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.  I will.""""@jamesgo31991021: @realDonaldTrump @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man"" Thanks.""""@oates_tom: @realDonaldTrump congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.""""""@davidco71875026: @realDonaldTrump @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !""""""@bucwaas: @realDonaldTrump please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it!"" Thanks!""""@GZervs: @realDonaldTrump is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party""""""@DeanDesign101: Why not @realDonaldTrump? He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends""""""@joseangelSP500: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! TRUMP2016!""""""@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey.""""""@rtoneff25: @realDonaldTrump just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner""  Thank you!""""@incorrectpoliti: Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! @realDonaldTrump""""@TheReaLJuiCe88: I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016""""""@Chris_D2: @realDonaldTrump go get em!! How does it feel to be the ""next"" POTUS? #Trump2016"" Thanks for the spirit!""""@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld @realDonaldTrump is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?"I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!".@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with ""Trump"" - actually, you always knew!"When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!"""@RobRucker: ""The greatest social program is a job"" -Donald Trump""""""@Bass705: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America"" My great honor!"If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare..@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp, horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!"""@JWCesare   I appreciate @realDonaldTrump and his straight talk.  Our country needs this.""""""@nanaelaine7 @realDonaldTrump only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP"""Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad"""@Mitestarossa: Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President"" I agree!""""@_GOLD4MONEY: @ThePatriot143  @realDonaldTrump Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident"""We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!"""@nickcokley: @realDonaldTrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.""""@TaraHollyFigure: @realDonaldTrump we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one""""""@MunichEleven: Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for @realDonaldTrump in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!"""My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V."I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why ""Trump"" poll numbers are high."Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers"""@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016""  Cute.""""@adeeasthope: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016"" Great.""""@LionsTrinityCap: @realDonaldTrump UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.""""@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump Go get 'em Donald.""""""@barbgee68: @realDonaldTrump Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?""  NO!".@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway..@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp, called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"""@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong start, Mr. President!"" Thanks."Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp, spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first."""@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016""""""@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.""""""@CWilliams_Rltr @realDonaldTrump.  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.""""""@WordgirlSmith @realDonaldTrump Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!""""""@williamonlyrent So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!""""""@_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016""""""@WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED @realDonaldTrump IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" True.""""@MeaganShamy: .@ScottFordTVGuy @BrandenHarvey I was at @TrumpLasVegas when @realDonaldTrump announced president bid. He's got my vote.""""@troubic  I'm definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!""""""@luckydoginwesty: @realDonaldTrump @FL_GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump""""""@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.""""""@nojoed: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time."" True.".@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyleEntrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon."""@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016""""""@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.""".@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated."""@williamonlyrent @realDonaldTrump Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him."""I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!"""@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better""""""@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016""""""@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.""""@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.""""""@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16""""""@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced."" Bill O is great.""""@kirkcameronfan: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American""""""@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!""""@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic."" True.""""@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp, leadership is runnig for president Mr @realDonaldTrump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@joncford: @realDonaldTrump @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove I'm just about done with Fox news!""""""@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016""""""@JPJAC: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???""  Good question!""""@hyannis1952: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!""""@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp, see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!""".@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews"""@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!""""""@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!""".@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?"""@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it."" True!""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thanks.""""@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!"""@utwey: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove can't wait for debates! DT will crush them"" Could happen!""""@CandyThomas3583: @realDonaldTrump I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊""".@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!"""@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win"" Thanks.""""@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump""""""@sugarhoney157: @realDonaldTrump He really is a great business man and gets the job done right."" So true!""""@Riggs101: Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That ""We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before"""Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?"""@SenzuLean: America should be so lucky to have @realDonaldTrump even consider leading our nation"" Thank you."Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1"""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.""""""@Tea_Alliance: @realDonaldTrump @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump!"" They are afraid to make America great again.""""@andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that @realDonaldTrump would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate &amp, i really wanna see it happen.""""@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!"Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?"""@stevenkirk @realDonaldTrump @PatrickBuchanan great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!"""Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.Out of hundreds of deals &amp, transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!People buy deals &amp, immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp, commonly used business tool.Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp, we got nothing! Dummy.Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp, often wrong—a total dope!"""@llambert0207 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump""""""@theHickMan33 Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump""""""@williamonlyrent  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016"""Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing"""@SMW5683: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman &amp, will know how to grow our economy""""""@ChaddRyann: Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016""""""@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!""""""@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.""  So true.""""@HolySelena: @realDonaldTrump You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!""""""@elizwatkins: @realDonaldTrump So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness""""""@hufseyg: I've waited to vote for @realDonaldTrump since I was little. I can't wait for 2016""""""@CliffShep: @realDonaldTrump You've got my vote!!""""""@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people""""""@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns"""The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all."""@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!"""Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgainIt is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""@AppSame We are going to listen @realDonaldTrump If you are really running &amp, if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win"Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back."""@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!""""""@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016..""""""@premuse: @realDonaldTrump Let's take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016""""""@Jarod_Pitmon10: I am a full supporter of #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump is a guy that will help this country""""""@NickyFlash2: #Trump4President #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to @realDonaldTrump announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.""""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump Love it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016""""""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts.""""""@isabelsimon80: @realDonaldTrump @brentcfritz Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. 👍People like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S...""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump No Amercian, really, can impact such staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!""""@DONJUBBER: @realDonaldTrump Shock the world!#Trump4President""""""@insuraider: @realDonaldTrump is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016""""""@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again. @realDonaldTrump has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President""""""@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it, @realDonaldTrump. #Trump2016""""@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but @realDonaldTrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow""""""@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES""""@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump""""""@fyrftr211: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!""""""@MediciMario: @realDonaldTrump Pls run u would be great!""""""@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!"Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@justrelaxfornow: As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015.""""""@MikeLongoNYC: @realDonaldTrump Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday, I'll be there!""""""@Knight276: Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again."" True!""""@angiecallahan4: @realDonaldTrump We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!"""MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!""""""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR""""""@mirrorgrrl: Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!""""@NPHBalanced: @realDonaldTrump has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, &amp, NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER.""""@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt""""@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! @sherrimarie73"" Thanks, call Corey.""""@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless.""""""@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016"Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp, donorsI am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!"""@hogan211: @realDonaldTrump I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!""""""@JRMcClaren: @ToryIreland @realDonaldTrump is GOP’s best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016""""""@purpleheartwife: @realDonaldTrump I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL."" Thanks.""""@woodrowwinters @realDonaldTrump pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week."" Thanks.""""@JRooneyIII  @realDonaldTrump The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016""  Thx."Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo EmersonEntrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative."""@phate71  @realDonaldTrump It’s time to make America great again. Let’s do this! #TRUMP2016""""""@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems.""""""@Scott__Marx  Can't wait to hear @realDonaldTrump run for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016""""""@RealTerryPatton: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you don't.""  I agree!""""@DillonConrad0: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper""""""@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @JenCromartie Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me..... ☺"" Stay tuned.""""@Ipatriotmedia: Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want @realDonaldTrump.""""@MarcoPoloMacon: @realDonaldTrump what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!""  June 16th.""""@JenCromartie: @realDonaldTrump needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump""""""@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!""""""@erikwill: @realDonaldTrump @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands."""Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be."""@MatthewLadzik ""The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules"" @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou""""""@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp, club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp, @DonaldJTrumpJr..""""""@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf"" Thanks.""""Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump""""""@Liberty4UanMe @LadyPatriot777 @rushlimbaugh  got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump""""""@LadyPatriot777 @realDonaldTrump I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!""""""@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.― Donald Trump""""@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump."" So true!"Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp, other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!"""@realtysteve: Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!""""""@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!""""""@Abraham: My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute""""@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if @realDonaldTrump was the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016""""""@NEO_SALAMANDER: @realDonaldTrump You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top""""""@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!""""""@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results""""""@c_shepler: @realDonaldTrump @newsobserver @RaleighReporter Great news!""""""@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins""""Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, ""We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!""""Just said at #NCGOPCon that ""I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.""""Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that ""we have to protect our border &amp, I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!""""Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  ""People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!""Just said at #NCGOPcon that ""politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!""""Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said ""to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."""Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!"""@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt, @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks.""""@MarioFMartinezz: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump announcement on June 16."" Great.""""@viksquad: @realDonaldTrump you are the man for the job""""""@jeffrey_gorski: @realDonaldTrump the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope""""""@MJVictory: @STL_Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity &amp, national security.""""""@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump @Knight276 @cdgrafics @greta It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money""""""@Knight276: @realDonaldTrump @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important""""""@STL_Blonde: The thing that's so wonderful about @realDonaldTrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires."" True.""""@cdgrafics: @greta @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men.""""""@STL_Blonde: One of my favorite all-time @FoxNews moments: When @realDonaldTrump let @megynkelly touch his hair.""""""@TheBingle: @greta @realDonaldTrump Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO.""""""@STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that @realDonaldTrump would be a better president than HillaryClinton."""“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis SchlaflyWe must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp, local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!China just hacked our federal government &amp, stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect."""@ebhockeyfan @GretchenCarlson One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal &amp, supportive of his friends. He also says it like is.""""""@2014_vince @realDonaldTrump @NCGOP donald for president..a true patriot""""""@siddiquehash @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer I Agree Donald!""".@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp, hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp, enjoy! #GettingRealLooking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!"""@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views!"" Thanks""""@Wallys1700: @realDonaldTrump our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016"""Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!"""@WebDanny: @realDonaldTrump @yankzpat If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'""  I agree!""""@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!"Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!"""@justariot66: @realDonaldTrump no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure.""""""@Delna_42: DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief""".@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!"""@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership"" A total loser!"One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts"""@EatSleepDan: I want to see @realDonaldTrump run for president.""""""@CloseTheDealTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote""""""@NEYAM760: Trump 4 president! @realDonaldTrump""""""@BlueyesBeauty: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!""""""@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then I'm all good"""Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one."""@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!""""""@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016"""“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @PatriotsJust as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp, increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek JeterThe Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp, send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!"""@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻""""""@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?""""""@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45""""""@patzann66 @realDonaldTrump Time for USA to get back on track ""Trump for President""""""@RayYedman: Rephrase &amp, quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again""""""@kenziestruder: @realDonaldTrump for pres 2016 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌""""""@RickysPlace1: @realDonaldTrump @dxkelley @BOBonTCN Definitely a great president!!""""""@dxkelley: @BOBonTCN does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president?"" Great.""""@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever.""""""@amy_pardue: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER""""""@thatxystkid: I honestly believe that @realDonaldTrump would make a great president""  Thank you.""""@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!""""""@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the ""Don"" 2016""""""@jm9145: @realDonaldTrump Please run!!! USA needs a leader!""""""@annnotari13: @realDonaldTrump Just Do it!✔️""""""@puppyslug: I care about are country &amp, that is why ill vote for @realDonaldTrump if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp, FAST""""""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp, will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016"""Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp, go for it!“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George WashingtonAll the haters &amp, losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp, his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"""@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!"""For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."""@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!""""""@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp, bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!""""""@jkellywwip: @realDonaldTrump killed it on @foxandfriends""""""@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!"""I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!"""@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet @realDonaldTrump on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016""""""@entreprenershp: As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump""""""@Great: ""Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game."" - Donald Trump""""""@WSJPolitics: Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out.""""@PlaisanceAnn: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!""""""@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!""""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President""""""@jsilva74366572:  @nicksibrodi vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else""""""@amazechristianl: @realDonaldTrump Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far.""""""@_MeganEve: #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote @realDonaldTrump""""""@nicksibrodi: @realDonaldTrump  Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez""""""@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why? @realDonaldTrump knows why.""""""@realBrockDriver: Would give anything for @realDonaldTrump to run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country, it's him!!""""""@JRMcClaren: @realDonaldTrump Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him."" Probably true, but it's fun to expose the overrated!""""@YankeeRunnerLV: Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner&amp,a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks""""@JoffCallaghan: Not sure why I didn't follow @realDonaldTrump before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago...""""""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him""""""@dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at @realDonaldTrump's in Florida. His golf course is amazing !""""""@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up.""""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!!""""""@JollyGoodman181: @realDonaldTrump The ""Don"" is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President."""For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!"""@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz"""All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!"""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia I know he can and will""""""@celtoid2: @realDonaldTrump @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia Your country needs you. Run."Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast."""@Jess_Blanch94: @realDonaldTrump Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote"""Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjrEntrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere."""@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in @realDonaldTrump. Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld"" And my pleasure, thanks.""""@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done."“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welchCommon Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!"""Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity."" Donald Trump""""""@duncanebradbury: @realDonaldTrump @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!""""""@pcm426: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell""""""@ElizaWindso: @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump @jacknicklaus She'll never go out of style ...""  True!""""@1MuskyHunter: @realDonaldTrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez""""""@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.""""""@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .""""""@MMValetServicez: ""I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.” – Donald Trump""""@RichJohnson1973: @realDonaldTrump for president"""Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!"""@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please, time for real change #trumpforprez""""""@oefoif0506: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track""""""@CryptOhio: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.""""@BMckenna38: @realDonaldTrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!""  True.""""@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump. The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.""""@bella270012: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @jacknicklaus Beautiful Lady!""""""@NecieWelch: @realDonaldTrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  #Trump2016""""""@SandraBoag: @realDonaldTrump Hopefully our future First Lady!!!""  She would be amazing!""""@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!""""@hokie6: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.""  Thank you.""""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!""""""@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!""""""@GinaJarGirl: @realDonaldTrump @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.""""""@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES ""Donald"" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp, the nanny congress!""""""@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider @realDonaldTrump @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .""""""@raven_claw2: @realDonaldTrump You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great.""""""@wendyb5372: @greta @realDonaldTrump I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!""""""@fxlozano: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump he is transforming America""""""@BinkyBoo415: @realDonaldTrump must run &amp, must win! #2016""""Good advice from my mother: ""Trust in God and be true to yourself."" -- Mary Trump""Good advice from my father: ""Know everything you can about what you're doing."" --  Fred C. Trump"In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!"""@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!""  Thanks. Enjoy!"Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus"A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: ""Practice puts brains in your muscles!"" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.""""@ashbakali: ""Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure."" Donald Trump""""""@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump""""""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard"" Thanks.""""@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses""""""@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump ""Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason."" - Mark Twain""  So true.""""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess"" Wow, it can be done!""""@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!""""""@nitya_lal: @realDonaldTrump You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016""  Thanks.""""@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President""""""@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.""""""@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US"" Thanks Jen!"Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!"""@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk""""@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way""""""@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...""""""@papaouch: @TomEvans1972 @realDonaldTrump Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...""""""@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names""""""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice""""""@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump It's almost June &amp, time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident""""""@caholcom53: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain""""""@therealtommydel:1 &amp, only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp, common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady"""Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016#SuperTuesday".@AnnCoulter's new book-- ""Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole""-- is a great read. Good job!"“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliamsEntrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford"""@_Aleshaxo: @realDonaldTrump Now that just put a smile on my face! 😊 Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016""""""@wendy1134: @realDonaldTrump @NiccoBigalli Things would be so much better! #Trumpforpresident""  True.""""@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.""  Watch.""""@_Aleshaxo: Good morning @realDonaldTrump I'm still hoping to hear #Trump2016 🙏 You've my vote.""  Stay tuned!""""@NiccoBigalli: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpforpresident""  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!""""@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states @realDonaldTrump"" True!""""@rosannascotto: Coming up @realDonaldTrump on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?""""I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job ""D""""""@sheveeta: Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump""""""@jkapper15: @realDonaldTrump please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016""  Thanks.""""@SunshineKhali: @realDonaldTrump @rtesta O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership""""""@GirlCant_helpit: DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it""""@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than @realDonaldTrump to turn us around. #Trump2016""""@RobertoAG415: Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President""""@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump I beg you to run"" Stay tuned!""""@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump""  Thanks.""""@Vinnie_109: @WalkerLaflin @katie_0303 we need @realDonaldTrump to run and we would be good""""""@persdevquotes: « I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump"The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!"""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016""""""@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.""  Watch.""""@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood."" Go get 'em!""""@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!""""""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American""""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!""""""@BLG216: @realDonaldTrump We're all very proud of you, Donald .""""""@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.""  Thanks."I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!"""@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump""""@bamayorgo1: @realDonaldTrump would be better then Jeb Bush""  By a whole lot!""""@CahlRStorrie: For my birthday today I'd like to see @realDonaldTrump make it official that he's running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016""""""@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump""  Thank you!""""@SeanlaiC: RT @JeanRalphiooo I would endorse @realDonaldTrump in a presidential run!""""""@kamwaters: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, they're always informative. #Trump2016""""""@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realDonaldTrump if he runs""""@HoboWill: @realDonaldTrump you are convincing me more and more..""  That's good news!""""@goldregime: I'm sold on @realDonaldTrump, #TRUMP for president!""""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump Announce you're running already! We need you! #Trump2016""  I agree, our country is dying!""""@TpGraf82: I'm surprised @fox didn't quote all of @realDonaldTrump Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016""""""@DirtyHouseGuy: Why won't you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!""""""@dfberger23: Wait @realDonaldTrump is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!""""@VerumEstLiberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?""  JUNE!!!!""""@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!""""""@turkeyofmurica: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Competing show!""""""@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be ""humble"" &amp, just report the news!!""""""@aa_trevino:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald, it's more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa, don't sweat it""""""@DannyLofaro: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!"" Stay tuned!""""@AlexPascal123: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!"""I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain"""@BHLiberty @realDonaldTrump I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!""""""If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again."" - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech""""Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech""Audience chanting ""RUN TRUMP RUN!"" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...""""I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech""""I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech""""Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!"" - my @SRQRepublicans speech""""Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it."" - @SRQRepublicans speech""""I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released."" - my  @SRQRepublicans speech""""I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country."" - my @SRQRepublicans speech"Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd."""Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!"" - my @SRQRepublicans speech."Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort."""@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken""""""@mbabramson @realDonaldTrump @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!""""""Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana""""@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!""""""@RealSQUEZZ: I LOVE @REALDONALDTRUMP BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016""""""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA""""@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The @realDonaldTrump Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews"" Just watch!""""@IPSInvestments @realDonaldTrump The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business""""@carrillo_pete: #make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016""""""@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016""""""@_Snurk: We need @realDonaldTrump to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP""""""@631acf83e56d41c: We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin""""""@CharlesLiva: Thanks @realDonaldTrump , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016""""""@GappistanRadio: All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @realDonaldTrump you have to run! #Trump2016""""""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres""""""@CharlesLiva: Wishing this moment to come, thanks @realDonaldTrump , I'll vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT""""""@Pri. Had a dream that @realDonaldTrump was POTUS and @WarrenBuffett was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream""""@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016""""""@SmokyJacques: @realDonaldTrump waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!""""""@YankeeRunnerLV:Whether you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope #Trump16""""""@GoHardYoung: The only way I'm voting for president is if @realDonaldTrump runs""  Cute!""""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @GameANew put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump""""""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016""""""@lunar_kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school""""""@lunar_kismet15: @realDonaldTrump @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.".@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!"""@pdk73: @realDonaldTrump I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House""""""@thomas_tullos10: @realDonaldTrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!""""""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016""""""@HarmonBrew: @FoxNews @megynkelly  DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her, its a loser.""""""@DonnySavaged: I really wish @realDonaldTrump would run for president.""""""@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China &amp, Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs.""""""@Chris_R_2014: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama.""""""@FCBauman: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump not if..., now...""""""@_marryyy: @realDonaldTrump was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed""""""@LadyofFe: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly just watched, love your positive can do attitude.""""""@luvda24man: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!""""""@AndyBran: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!""""""@heidimac60: @realDonaldTrump Great job on #KellyFile now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! ! 👍👍👊👊😰""""""@CornWhisky: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Pretty much says it like it is.""""""@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around."" True!".@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!"""@DoomsdayFAN  @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!""""""@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp, understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China! @realDonaldTrump will do that!"What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady"""@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended""""""@DoomsdayFAN: @realDonaldTrump President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016""  Thank you.""""@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success.""  Thanks.""""@movieloverjohn: @realDonaldTrump its time 2 run 4 president &amp, #trumpthecompetition""""""@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential""""""@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!""""@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!!"" Keep the faith!""""@traapgawddd: @realDonaldTrump kick Obamas ass and run for president already.""""""@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realDonaldTrump will get my vote! #trump4president""""""@Tendraftsdeep: @realDonaldTrump get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass""""""@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools.""""""@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation""""""@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again""""""@IslesFan83: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run. America needs it badly.""""""@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day""  Stay tuned.""""@brianjames75: My prediction: @realDonaldTrump will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig"""“Actions are the seed of fate   deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. TrumanEntrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp, China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy."""@Richard__Lewis: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself."" Thanks.""""@Bobo_Shields: @realDonaldTrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams.""""""@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life @realDonaldTrump love u Donald u the real mvp!!""""""@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!""""""@shea_leduc: @realDonaldTrump for president and Tom Brady for his VP""  Cute!""""@pdigiore1: @realDonaldTrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president."" Thank you!""""@IslesRBYanksFan: ""Politicians are all talk and no action"". ""Lets make America great again"". Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run"Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines"""@fackinpeter  @realDonaldTrump im ready for u to make america great again""""""@somegirl71 @realDonaldTrump Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!""""""@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir.""""""@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp, instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough""""Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq ""was not a mistake."" He looked clueless!""""@utkarsh_chheda: @realDonaldTrump @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....""  Haters and losers!""""@Rsherfy: @realDonaldTrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again....""""""@Elgianne: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to your announcement! ❤️🇺🇸❤️""""""@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir @realDonaldTrump""""""@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Brian don't try take Trump on with your ""wit"". He got you beat, hands down!"" Brian is terrific""""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it""""""@monty3251: @realDonaldTrump ..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again...""""""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!""""@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best""  Thanks.""""@Kurt_Sengul: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure. 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war"""Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste."""@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it""""""@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016""  Stay tuned""""@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump You're really the best, Trump!""""""@enoeht85: @realDonaldTrump run #tramp run!!!!""""""@AwaisM: @realDonaldTrump please run""""""@ardow: @realDonaldTrump Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.""""I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to ""love"" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols"Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as JebJeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!"""@1italianheart: We need a real American to run our country and that real man is @realDonaldTrump. Get this country back on track.""""@loveb4youdie: Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce for president, tired of all these posers""  Stay tuned.""""@SHAWSHANK5: @realDonaldTrump @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world""""@Lunadeapril: @realDonaldTrump @Jnakes77 hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!""  Noce.""""@mec755: @realDonaldTrump @LauraAbokhair Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH.""""@ann_txpurple: @AJ_13_Hulton Go Donald 😄. Saying go for it💥. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice""""""@carrillo_pete: @realDonaldTrump @TheBrodyFile -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. 👍""""""@Jnakes77: @realDonaldTrump We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.""  Cute!""""@LauraAbokhair: @realDonaldTrump You could change this country around!"" True and thanks!"Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!"""@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica"" Thanks"I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!.@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse."""@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field""""@davesportsgod: @realDonaldTrump I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon?"" Very soon""""@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!""""""@davesportsgod: @AngieBatlle @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing.""""@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed @realDonaldTrump Hey, the man knows how to run a business!""""""@jsilva74366572:  @GappistanRadio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016""""""@dan_numba: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump""""""@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp, better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!""""@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!"“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden"""@STR8HUSTLING: @realDonaldTrump Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice""  True!""""@OgreUasshole: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!""  We must win and make America great again!""""@Joe_Hurwitz: @realDonaldTrump WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME""  Wow, I love the second part!""""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"""Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nflI hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp, defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOTThanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp, discussing #FITN topics."""@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!""  It will be fantastic!"My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGHI am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp, betterRemember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp, donors control all!The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!"""@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!""""""@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016"""Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again"""@James_Taylor78: @realDonaldTrump You'd have my vote!""  Great.""""@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realDonaldTrump 's hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely""""""@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.""""Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits."" -- Thomas Edison"Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp, thinking too small can negate a lot of them.Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!"""@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell""""""@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016""""""@therealtommydel Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?""""""@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court"""What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!"""@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote!"" Thanks.""""@ByronYork: In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum."""One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers"""@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the White House."" Very cool!""""@ryan_smith10: @realDonaldTrump for President! 🇺🇸🇺🇸"""Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!"""Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan"Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt"""@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp, all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp, personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016""  Thanks.""""@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best""""""@justnise: @realDonaldTrump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.""""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!""  Thank you.".@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!"""@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run @realDonaldTrump run!!! 🙏🏻""""""@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realDonaldTrump book !!""  Great!""""@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump speak Saturday night in Iowa."" See you there - record breaking crowd!""""@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin @RealDonaldTrump pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!""""@WKDojo: @realDonaldTrump just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass""""""@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025."""Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@GOPJim_Davis: @realDonaldTrump Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC."" Thanks Jim.""""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016""""""@hdfxdx01: @realDonaldTrump Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope!"" Stay tuned!""""@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit""""""@StephanieKrista: @realDonaldTrump THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!""""""@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest.""""""@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive.""""""@LynneLeach: @realDonaldTrump you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over ☑️""""""@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon @realDonaldTrump"""My two sons, Eric &amp, Don, have long been expert hunters &amp, marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp, give animals to the poor &amp, starving villagers!.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"""@JackPaalay: @realDonaldTrump The King of Turnberry! Fabulous!"" What an amazing place!""""@johnny4a: Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez, @ElonMusk sends ppl 2 Mars by @SpaceX and ppl drive his @TeslaMotors electric cars #Trump2016""".@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!"""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016 @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @TheFive""""""@kittreantanner:More interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you.""""""@vctr67: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote."" Thanks."Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!Great job tonight @ericbolling“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteenI've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp, win!Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots"""@Karentalk:  @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU.""""""@OliverBooks: Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber""   Big letdown fight!".@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp, Medicaid. I will.I was the first &amp, only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp, Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!"""@klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump  Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!""""""@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimore´s issue, no chance to solve China´s &amp, OPEC´s abuses. The World asks for leadership!""""@bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016 @realDonaldTrump for President - YES!!!""""""@jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade I'd vote Trump,he's strong. He said,"" First I'd build a Wall at border"" Fire Weaklings in DC too !""""""@joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realDonaldTrump #TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT"""The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!"""@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!""".@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all."""@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!""""@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book, Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !""""""@atmaxh: Please run @realDonaldTrump! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!""  Very true.""""@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp, RUN.""""""@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage."" No idea who she is, sounds dumb!""""@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!""""""@kristofer_clark: @realDonaldTrump Get into office and tell CONgress ""You're fired!"" #trump2016 #timeforPROgress""""""@theJoannaRyan: @realDonaldTrump a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp, will represent us well. U will win."" Thanks.""""@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016""  Watch.""""@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama 'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!""""""@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA""""""@cjwthefishermen: @realDonaldTrump ""I will.""""""""@DavidNYCT: @realDonaldTrump We will!""""""@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !""""""@baberuth99: We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do.""""""@johnborntoride: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians""""""@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016""".@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!"""@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.""""@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man"" True."I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!"""@RKornackiPSU: @realDonaldTrump See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more!"" Great.""""@Draper33Paul: @realDonaldTrump I agree""""""@WWlood13: @realDonaldTrump for president!! Run and you got my vote.""""""@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President""""""@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump"" Very smart!"Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory."""@blissgal: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak Trump for President !!!!""""""@AaCeallaigh: Please run Mr Trump. @realDonaldTrump @AAcrowellt""""""@AAcrowellt:  @realDonaldTrump he is the best person for the job""""""@RUSHLvR1: RT  ""@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you"" Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#""""""@AAcrowellt: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president im voting for you"" Great.""""@tiaffo: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!...."""“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret ThatcherFollow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk"""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump  You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016""""""@mindfreakeuropa: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!""""""@mortimerzilch: @realDonaldTrump @steveman905 we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.""""@steveman905: @realDonaldTrump You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!""  The only one that can!"What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!"""@HGswiney: Time for @realDonaldTrump to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016 🇺🇸""""""@JoshGundle: @realDonaldTrump Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016"" CUTE!""""@tlfordxx: @AnnInquirer @realDonaldTrump ~~~Amen Ann...""""""@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us.""""""@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016"" Thanks.""""@xoleahjackson: @realDonaldTrump SO true! Much love Donald❤️!""""""@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing?"" WATCH"The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART"""@TheButteryOne: @realDonaldTrump Oh god. I agree with you.""""""@colemandonna61: @realDonaldTrump SO TRUE DONALD !!!""""""@peenerad: @realDonaldTrump It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!""  True!"Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!"""@Stephanielk1: @realDonaldTrump please save our country!""""""@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world""""@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp, business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!"Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp, @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!"""@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run"" @foxandfriends""""@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!""@foxandfriends""""@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et, @realDonaldTrump joins us live!""""""@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...""  Yes, 7:30.""""@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident"""I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy."""@fackinpeter: Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016""""""@gatorfan122752: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. We need you""  Stay tuned.""""@RobinRN: @realDonaldTrump What this country needs is unification &amp, direction, &amp, you're the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run""""@tide_mann: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpLasVegas 100% agreed!!"""I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!"""@DillonJQuinn: @realDonaldTrump HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!""  You will be called!""""@MarySmi59722224: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016!!!""""""@hillarysusans: @tedageejr People don't like it when @realDonaldTrump is right."" For whatever reason.""""@sparklebutt1947: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US""  True."Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?"""@kerri59: @realDonaldTrump @ZGreekDWstyle please. For real this time. We need you."" Do not worry.""""@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward &amp, bring about goodness""  True""""@BungWilliam: @realDonaldTrump if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident"" Nice.""""@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I can't wait.  Watch.""""@ZGreekDWstyle: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!""""@RULivingLife: I Agree.!! @realDonaldTrump Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote""""@ScottFConroy: Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @rjispy Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important!"" So true!""""@lancebagley1: Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump We're waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@rjispy:  @GOP @TeaPartyExpress @FoxNews @TeaPartyOrg -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to.""""""@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I can't wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the country""Thanks""""@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer""  Stay tuned!""""@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016""""""@puppyslug: DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER &amp, will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016""""""@RockinJoe1: @realDonaldTrump Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run. Just watch!""""@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK&amp,RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESS‼️🇺🇸HE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!""""""@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet It's not conceited, it's convinced. #Trump2016""""""@charleswhite816: @realDonaldTrump @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!""""@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!""""""@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet @realDonaldTrump well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted""  So true, thanks!".@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television."""@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs"""Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!"""@Sweettea2u: @realDonaldTrump If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real.""""""@calisunandsurf: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!""".@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!"""@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@Packerlegends: @realDonaldTrump Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it."" True.""""@pkellyshock: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run I won't vote""""""@TonyInOkla2015: @realDonaldTrump @gen_yvette @markus_42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!""""""@BrendelFred: @realDonaldTrump @pam_rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz""""@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp, I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump""  Thank you, nice.""""@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks."Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf.@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel"""@LydiaNeu: @realDonaldTrump enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic.""""""@sragens: @realDonaldTrump on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!""""""@Robby_Moreira: @realDonaldTrump If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure!"" Nice.""""@laurenthomasx3: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.""  Great.""""@gen_yvette: @markus_42  I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him, too. I'd feel safe with him as President.""""""@albo9:  @gen_yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you..""""""@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton""""""@jorgey1_1985: @realDonaldTrump if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side""""""@gen_yvette: @realDonaldTrump Run, Mr. Trump, run!""""""@sandersandrew: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation."""Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry FordEntrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!"""@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain""""@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will ""take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father.".@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!"""@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican.""""""@yanicsimard:  @realDonaldTrump &amp, @TrumpToronto for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel"""Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp, Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!"""@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass &amp, the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!""""""@KeepCalmBC:  @TheView is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it &amp, put it &amp, us out of our misery!""""""@KillingTime2015: @realDonaldTrump @NicolleDWallace @TheView clean house""  Not W.G.""""@j_middleton7: @realDonaldTrump please get in the drivers seat of this country!""""""@Gmandunkley: @realDonaldTrump Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same."" GREAT!"".@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television ""it"" - show no longer has ratings, dying!""""@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now"" Thank you.""""@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16"" I do also!""""@ghostlyprep: @realDonaldTrump is amazing 👌🏻 you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him""""""@circuspony2: @realDonaldTrump Did you see all the whites that were robbed &amp, assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016"""I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!"They now say using the word ""thug"" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!""""@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting @realDonaldTrump and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!""""""@Djscotter: @IowaGOPer @realDonaldTrump Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness.""""@DrJackFriedman: I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians.""""@KAWSTEEL: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump @BrendaRigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job"" Thanks!"Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!"""@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week!"" Thanks."I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!"""@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed"" I agree!""""@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.""""""@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then..........."""I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore."""@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?"" I would fix it fast!""The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters ""space to destroy"" - another real genius!"Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped."""@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside.""""""@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.""""""@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!"""Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson"""@haroldrschmidt: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns""""""@ceovince: There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #Champion""""@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is @realDonaldTrump #goodmorning trumpy"" Great.""""@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir.""""""@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!""""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!"" @foxandfriends""""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness""""""@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan""""""@NH1News: .@realDonaldTrump is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN""""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!!"" Thanks.""""@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview!""""@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you""""""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!"" Thanks.""""@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison.""""""@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control""""""@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!"" @foxandfriends""""@jodi_mae: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president, You would receive my vote!"""Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!"""@artfIopz: Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?"I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!"""@_Sierra03_: Really hope @realDonaldTrump decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.""""@petemsgt1787: @realDonaldTrump I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy"" True, but with zero talent. @NRO"I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!"""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT""  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!".@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!"""@Jackson_Tweets: @realDonaldTrump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!"" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!""""@ravgames: .@realDonaldTrump Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you like @JonahNRO?"" Because he is not good at what he does-@NRO dying""""@gmbaku: @realDonaldTrump @littlevd23 @TSRowan Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious."" Love those words.""""@DoreenHunns: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.""  Watch.""""@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!"""".@NRO  Not much is as ""dead"" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!""""@bean1227: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !?"" Stay tuned!""""@JGibson271985: @realDonaldTrump @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire."" Thank you!""""@FuturisticUFO: Are you like another Ross Perot? @RealDonaldTrump @CNN"" Bigger, better, stronger and richer!""""@Patriotress: @realDonaldTrump @316Place @PGA_com #Trump2016""""""@PCS1776: @realDonaldTrump &lt,---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win.""""""@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""".@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!"""@316Place: @realDonaldTrump @PGA_com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful!"" Thank you, it will be even more amazing!"Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc."""@Hurry2live: #37years @realDonaldTrump finished building of 68-story  skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in @Hurry2Live app""""""@AndrePretorius: @realDonaldTrump I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood""""""@ccarlen @realDonaldTrump get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me!"" So nice, thank you."Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia."Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. ""Frost Wins for Trump""""""@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks. It will be fantastic!""""@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!""""""@thembazoko1: @realDonaldTrump: get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!""""@ChadWeiske: @realDonaldTrump #4prez""""""@daveyhubb: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita rescue our country...""""""@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism""""""@la_loquita: @realDonaldTrump working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country!!".@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon."""@MaxMacGruder: The man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016""""""@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like @realDonaldTrump !""  Thanks.""""@JeremyManning36: @realDonaldTrump when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns"" Cute, stay tuned.""""@hansel_amarilla: “As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President""""""@BillyMoeder: @realDonaldTrump is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016""  I agree, thanks.""""@Barbie_Brooks: “an entrepreneur’s ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...” @realDonaldTrump""""""@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that @realDonaldTrump is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016"""“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23"""@twincity1982  @realDonaldTrump Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!"""Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp, Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!.@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true."""@AMOakabr: DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!""""""@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! #Trump2016""""""@rightjj: @realDonaldTrump: I've to say that you're making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!""""""@rightjj,: Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?""""""@beauty_dhope: @realDonaldTrump you would be phenomenal in office,I am truly a big fan of what you stand for."" Thank you.""""@UsuallyBogey: Without @realDonaldTrump we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. #Trump2016"" I agree.""""@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!!"" Watch."Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@SoarMich: @realDonaldTrump @Ex369PPD people can say what they want about Donald, but he is trustworthy #truth"" Thank you.""""@lorry_bennetti: @realDonaldTrump China has been laughing at the W🌏RLD for a long time &amp, will continue to do so!"""@Ex369PPD  Thank you!"""@hep102309: We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America#Trump2016""""""@IanArnold: So @realDonaldTrump has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.""""@BestPhotosEver: You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016""""""@Politicalhit: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for your official announcement that you are running #POTUS2016 Go Trump Go"""“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. EisenhowerChina has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sectorThe Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!"""@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!""""""@RDVarley: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier congratulations. You area true patriot!""""""@ellemae63: @realDonaldTrump no surprise! You are the man!"" Thank you!""""@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.""""""@warrencasselljr: Just saw Trump's new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump 2016 will be interesting.""  WATCH ALL! @BretBaier"Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetToughI'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier"""@rwerhle: @JonahNRO @realDonaldTrump @NRO He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!"Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO"""@hillarysusans: Getting ready for next week with @realDonaldTrump on Monday. @NHGOP @FoxNews""""""@rickyricardo722: @realDonaldTrump I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016""".@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!"""@AndrewWilkie85: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!""""""@y2ej72: @realDonaldTrump #VOTEFORTRUMP""""""@WSGbeme: @realDonaldTrump I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. #Trump2016""""""@SteveSGoddard: @smxtty_ It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,""""""@Mr_president706: @realDonaldTrump please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done.""""""@sam_tucker17: You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!""""""@Olivianuzzi: @realDonaldTrump you are amazing""""""@JohnMarkowitz: @realDonaldTrump you are damn good""""""@faktmeister: U r 1000% correct, Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!""""""@themightylayman: Dear @realDonaldTrump: You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.""""@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ U would make a damn good one""""""@smxtty_: Donald trump would be the greatest president"" Thank you."The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. I’ll make America rich again!I’m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNROPeople have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNRO’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”.@JonahNRO You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...”  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – Ronald ReaganRepublicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?"""@RonnieWNichol Just viewed the video of the changes to @TurnberryBuzz. An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular"""Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.".@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, “And the Good News is..""  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp, politics—go get it!"Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!"""@MSJACKIEWOW: @realDonaldTrump NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH@T UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.""""@dalasner: @realDonaldTrump I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST""""""@IToldYouMonsoon: @realDonaldTrump @JonahNRO @NRO @BretBaier why does @greta put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons""""@dalasner: Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!""".@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC"""@1smltwngrl: @realDonaldTrump Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!""""@Slider6294:@NRO @JonahNRO To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start!"" I agree!""""@ronbrown1970: @realDonaldTrump @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech #Trump2016"" Thanks""""@rennie022164: @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess!"" True!""""@Brooke_Burton_: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!""""""@Slider6294: @realDonaldTrump @NRO @JonahNRO It has cratered since WFB passed away."" So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it""""@EastonWestwood: It's PATHETIC for @JonahNRO &amp, @stephenfhayes to bash @realDonaldTrump as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!"""National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!".@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one ""breakout star"" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!"Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather)."""@suttera2: @realDonaldTrump They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices!"" True!""""@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump You need to Run For President.""""""@woody021072: @realDonaldTrump  Nothing,  as they always do""""""@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald""  Believe me, I would!""""@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald""""""@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do!"" Agree."We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp, others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection."""@alexseeley73 @TrumpSoHo just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details."" Great, thank you.""""@SkyGlideUSA  One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.@realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@ScottUdine @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC....""  Thanks."Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!"Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as ""Best of +VIP Access 2014"" by @Expedia!".@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier"""@BenjaminHowling: Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will.""""""@sven945: .@realDonaldTrump Forget running for president, why don't you run to be an MP here in Scotland!""""""@dryan5962: When we need hope @realDonaldTrump is just the person there to give it...#Trump2016 @foxandfriends"" True!""""@ddobbs5253: @realDonaldTrump our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!""""""@moose_taz: @foxandfriends thinking @realDonaldTrump might be what this country needs a change from career politicians""""""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!""""""@robertpatrickmc: You should declare you candidacy on #gdny with @rosannascotto and @gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning.""""@Doctor_Platek: Come June/July, @realDonaldTrump will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016""""""@hitwit_subroto: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends And I will be watching with great interest.""""@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Please run for President @realDonaldTrump""""""@000HermanSJr000: You always do a #fantastic job @realDonaldTrump. You are indeed a #businessman &amp, #magnate to #emulate.""""@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!"""I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics."""@amir_ibrahim26: @realDonaldTrump I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax""""""@lizboyle98: I think @realDonaldTrump would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class""""@AndrewVaccari: @realDonaldTrump You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond!"" Thanks.""""@hillarysusans: @daveyh @realDonaldTrump Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure""""""@kgregoryy: @realDonaldTrump are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan, but tired of waiting."" Stay tuned!""""@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump I believe if you run , you would win hands down! .... But, The expectations of you would be enormous.""""@RedzuanRasul: @realDonaldTrump, inspired others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you always are the leader."" Nice.""""@agpt73: @realDonaldTrump His books have helped me become who i am today.""  Great.""""@TFalomir: MR @realDonaldTrump You are an example of how to do what he wants."" Thank you.""""@hmackie11: @realDonaldTrump Melania as First Lady.. She'll go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER""  TRUE!""""@gochico: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans @GOP I don't think they are discounting Trump. He hasn't said if he is running yet.""""""@hillarysusans: @daveyhubb DonaldTrump @GOP He's very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route, he has a great chance""""@hillarysusans: We have a great field of diverse candidates for @GOP. Media needs to stop discounting @realDonaldTrump He rocked #FITN""""@JWysocki91: @realDonaldTrump I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read! #Trump2016"" Thank you.""""@charlesfowler: @realDonaldTrump brings great debate and ideas to the #GOP campaign, RUN DONALD RUN!!!""""""@CityBlindsMIB: @realDonaldTrump With Mr Trump as top man in the World, Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership""""""@BenjaminSakhai: @realDonaldTrump Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency! #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident""""""@drvanderbloomen: @realDonaldTrump --You may be our last hope.......................""""""@PopularPosters: @realDonaldTrump you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.""""@MJVictory:  Hi DT! I heard you on Imus &amp, you spoke w/clarity &amp, purpose. You're right, it's not a game, it's dire straits. PLEASE RUN!""""""@charlesfowler: We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air #GOP""""""@PopularPosters: Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth""""""@HarvardLaw99: @realDonaldTrump @CaudillAsh Announce you're running when you're comfortable with the timing."" Great.""""@CaudillAsh: @realDonaldTrump hurry up and announce that you're running already! 🙌🇺🇸✔️ #2016""""""@Alex_Boxwell: Just announce already @realDonaldTrump"" Stay tuned.""""@littlevd23: @realDonaldTrump Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!""""@Michael_Haz: Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs, managing foreign policy.""""""@AlfredoeOrtega: Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit, Mr. @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@hillarysusans: @realDonaldTrump You rocked both events. The @washingtonpost knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!""""@Bigbillyp1970: YES-YES-YES @realDonaldTrump *2016-2016-2016*""""""@HarperArchitect: @realDonaldTrump good talk watched on c-span, intelligence.  Thanks.""""@bluebirdiefly3: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for you. I always felt you should run.""""@S_C_mclane: @realDonaldTrump I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump! #Trump2016""""""@kingkript: @realDonaldTrump @stephenfhayes trump for president""""""@bella270012:DonaldTrump The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think you're the only one who can do it.""""@TheBillyRobbins: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016""""""@tavbta: Thank you!! @realDonaldTrump really amazing""""""@stephenfhayes: Trump: ""I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street."" Trump v China? ""China has no chance!""""@stephenfhayes: Trump, on others who have spoken to #FITN in New Hampshire: ""With all the people you're listening to, you can forget it.""""""""@SeddhmB: @realDonaldTrump i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!""""""@BoyerNick15: @realDonaldTrump 2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald!""   Thanks.""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump they loved you there #NHforTrump #Trump2016"" Thanks!""""@landotalley50: @realDonaldTrump Answer the call,,just do it,,America needs you,,RUN!!!!"" Stay tuned!""""@meltsch: @realDonaldTrump Good make a decision, are you running or not , we want you , but only you know if you want us ."" Watch.""""@DNorrell: @stephenfhayes reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump. @realDonaldTrump""""""@susanhoffman24: @realDonaldTrump obviously!! #weneedyou #Trump2016""""""@RM_MMBtuGirl: @realDonaldTrump isn't it refreshing?! There's hope. Keep up the good work.""""""@MagicMan121: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!""""""@ltodd14: @realDonaldTrump When are you announcing?""""""@pare900: @realDonaldTrump Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal"Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A."""@FreedomsPatriot: @P4tR10tBoo @souperfan2012 @souperfan2013 @wolfman708 @dryheat115 Mr. @realDonaldTrump made 👍&amp,👊 impression."""For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!"""@jjblasvegas: @realDonaldTrump one word to describe @JordanSpieth Donald?""  Quality!""""@Sebastian_Rey10: “@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment @realDonaldTrump in MEXICO!!!!""  The U.S. is getting killed!""""@DrHardick: .@realDonaldTrump @MLeitzmann @TrumpTowerNY love love love that wall. Memories forever! #architecture #nyc""""""@dmanhomee: I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!""""""@so_jason19: @realDonaldTrump @georgewillf Trump for president.George Will doesn't know business or what this young generation cares about""""""@BizMotivationTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote""".@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!"""@BretBaier: Tonight on the #SpecialReport panel we have @georgewillf, @ron_fournier and @JonahNRO. What a group of losers on your panel!""""@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump Run for president please! #Trump2016""""""@lmp999: @realDonaldTrump George "" Will you retire "" Please""""""@ccrealty2: Friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ Donald Trump #quotes #realestate #homes #blog #buyingtips"""I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas..@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN"""@dennismurino: @realDonaldTrump every Americans dream #trump2016""""""@bridgetmarie89: Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #Iran for being a Christian""""@PALoeza: @realDonaldTrump America needs YOU. #trumpforpresident""""""@bryt1330: I get into so many arguments over #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better""""@grizzlybear9062: DonaldTrump @L3nny85 Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in""""@Kakatshozi: Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable.""""""@Lexie_Chadss: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.""""""@younggbon: I would easily vote for @realDonaldTrump if he ran for president.""""""@philly_phily: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile   at&amp,t is the best""""""@BackOnTrackUSA:  The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys "" You're fired!""""""@SamRator:  I must b out of touch- @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump &amp, @ScottWalker r my top picks for @gop presidential pick! #TeaParty""""""@L3nny85: Perhaps it's time we bring back the #American #Empire , Mista Trump @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@john_siracusa: Great hearing you @realDonaldTrump speak with #DonImus on @TheImusShow this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs""""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump #WakeUpAmerica Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to #Win, He's also the only 1 to beat #Hillary""""""@kenuckio: @realDonaldTrump And we will call it Trump Wall""  Fine with me!".kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. LincolnMexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp, nothing happens.Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp, slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend."""If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."" – John Quincy Adams"We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp, anywhere!Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!"""@The_Jeffryes: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president, my pride as an American will never be stronger. #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016""""""@calicombo: @realDonaldTrump @ALEKSMM ford is building a factory in Mexico."" Should be in U.S.""""@RickyRicardo223: @realDonaldTrump would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president.""  TRUE!""""@younggbon: I would easily vote for @realDonaldTrump if he ran for president.""""""@M_Foresta: @realDonaldTrump I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.""""""@Helpfulcook: @realDonaldTrump let's get #Trump2016 trending like crazy!!!""""""@BestPhotosEver: I hope you'll announce you're running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you""""""@Dinamico_7: 😒😒😒 Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President..""""""@lkoja: @realDonaldTrump is a true leader we need for this country ... #Trump2016""""""@CaitlynHarman: Melania would make a fantastic First Lady, she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O #Trump2016 @MELANIATRUMP""""""@ALEKSMM:  I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!""""""""@MirandaMattos1: @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump""""""@Bourbon_brain:  @realDonaldTrump has  accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. #nhpolitics""""""@CharlieG_DC: RT @realDonaldTrump: Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.""""""@BethAndersonEsq: I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyone's! Go Mr.Trump""""@SaraLevenson: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrump""""""@garretdl: Please run for Pres Mr @realDonaldTrump""""""@theqtan: @realDonaldTrump please run for President! The country needs you! #Trump2016""""""@nicolas_toscano: Booked a corner suite at @TrumpLasVegas with @MikeTokes for Memorial Day weekend  Sure knows how to make a nice hotel!""""""@NyamdavaaJ: You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems,you can do this Donald!!! #2016 #President right @IvankaTrump😎?""""""@chip0tle_: @Stoic123 @realDonaldTrump @m__a__w politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president.""""""@JakeTiger25: @daveajstearns @djred678 forget both of them. Let's hear it for ma man @realDonaldTrump""""""@erotao: @realDonaldTrump Time for an Entrepreneur President, not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll.....""""""@QueenBarbie69: @realDonaldTrump. I believe in you. Go for it.""""""@JosephSchleider: @realDonaldTrump good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency @AlanColmes""""@isellbesthomes: @realDonaldTrump we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!""""""@NeilECollins: @realDonaldTrump If you run in 2016 how can we be of help."""Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!"""@Thutchy5 @realDonaldTrump Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016""""""@topsurveys   @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio""""""@daytonkreb @realDonaldTrump  Come on Donald, #America needs you  #CaptainAmerica #Trump2016""""""@m__a__w   @realDonaldTrump From my #european point of view,#USA needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #Trump2016""""""@WingsUnchained:  @RealDonaldTrump is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now.""""""@LikeWhoa134: I just hope @realDonaldTrump is our next president""  Make America great again!""""@MrMet41: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @rosannascotto #MrTrump isn't my guy, he is America's guy ! #Trump2016"" So nice, thanks!""""@BWANAWOMAN: @kwrcrow @realDonaldTrump IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country."Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday"""@AnjiRabadi: @TrumpChicago I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait! @realDonaldTrump @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait""""@pare900: @HAJMAJA @realDonaldTrump Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs.""""@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them.""""""@jeffreykid44: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLA u rock Don""""""@dashing1995: You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you.""""""@hdrenovate: @realDonaldTrump D.T. for president! !!""""""@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party""""@mikey_likes_lt @SovAdjEast @realDonaldTrump @TrumpFerryPoint @UAGolf I can't wait to play this course with my Dad"" Great--enjoy!""""@WildcatThad @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing!"" @TrumpLasVegas""""@morangary61: @realDonaldTrump we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump#""""""@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters  America desperately needs leadership &amp, values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump.""""""@scook5656: @realDonaldTrump we need Trump for President!"" I agree!""""@CalebRapoport: @realDonaldTrump in 2016! this country can't wait any longer."""Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!"""@lhcam: This country desperately needs accountability. @realDonaldTrump in #2016.""""@CathyFuregno: Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have.""""""@Villesportslaw: @TMobile - Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right."Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power."""@BobbyLCarrier North Charleston, SC   We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. #realdonaldtrump #chs @BobCaldwellCHS""""""@J_Feeds03: Even if @realDonaldTrump doesn't run for the GOP, I'm writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really ""make america great again"" #Trump2016""""""@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump you said it best: ""Let's make America great again"" #Trump2016""""""@MrMet41: @rosannascotto @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump The Donald gets things done #Trump2016""""""@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump on President Obama's statements in Panama: ""Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.""""""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @tshakro Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians""""""@mrsschiff2010: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends another great Monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithTrump""""""@AplemonLemon: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!""""@ShavaJu: @sternshow Please do another @realDonaldTrump interview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait""""""@MasterBaxter8: How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!""""""@McInnis11: @realDonaldTrump saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him""""""@MasterBaxter8: We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! #Trump2016""""""@tshakro: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician."""Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!"""@10Thurst: @realDonaldTrump we need you as OUR president""""""@GameWeiver: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling Donald Trump doesn't compliment many people. True!"How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!"""@gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!""""""@TheBingle:Only reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already &amp, doesn't need aggravation""""@Josh_leonard99: If America was as successful and planned like @realDonaldTrump we would be in good shape.""""@slumpcityusa: I bet my mother @realDonaldTrump would be running for president this year... Let's see!!! #Trump2016"" Watch.""""@DaveCC1109: @realDonaldTrump Mitt Romney didn't even know HE was running for POTUS.""  So true!""""@ScillieriJr: @alexskoog @realDonaldTrump if he can run america like he runs a business, he'd be a good president"" You mean great."Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews"""@Doug3P0: look, DON'T be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR @realDonaldTrump""""""@jamison1013gma1: @realDonaldTrump @burger__meister I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP"" Thank you.""""@Piratelover22: @realDonaldTrump Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS! #CLASS #STYLE""  So true!""""@ClintonIYH: If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate @realDonaldTrump"" I agree!""""@CalebRapoport: @realDonaldTrump for president 2061!""""""@burger__meister: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary because I'll be voting for @realDonaldTrump""""""@extra_deep: Hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made""""""@carolled2001: @realDonaldTrump im so ready to have Mr @realDonaldTrump for President PLEASE""""""@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump The Donald #Trumps all ! #Trump2016""""""@IzzyIrelandXXX: We need @realDonaldTrump as President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it's feet""""@BlessIsrael1948: @realDonaldTrump @mallhayden11 My Trump is a patriot.""""""@SamCadora: Take some of  that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again""""@nilsson_markus: @realDonaldTrump for president , everybody knows it's the best thing for the country #gotrump@PICA_59""""""@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump best looking building in Chicago...""""""@zdavis14: @realDonaldTrump For pres #2016""""""@JandNsmaman: @realDonaldTrump you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.#Trump2016""""@PICA_59: #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump""""""@gracemtroupe: @realDonaldTrump so can u run! Please be our president""""""@pete_is_king: @PICA_59 @realDonaldTrump is he running? If he is @HillaryClinton might as well not even run.""""""@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!"" I agree!"A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!"""@MKBeattie: @realDonaldTrump vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!""""""@dcfoodsafety: I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote #Trump2016""""""@Purplite: Will it be @HilaryClinton against @realDonaldTrump ? Come on Donald, everyone's waiting.""""""@tam69sc: @realDonaldTrump waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same""""""@RichardAllen__: It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for @realDonaldTrump America needs your leadership!""""""@MrMet41: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 He gets things done !"" So true!""""@Retume: I would vote @realDonaldTrump over @HillaryClinton.""""@garycassard:  ""@washpostjobs: hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!""""""@KnucklDraginSam: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_Owens1213 @HillaryClinton Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.  #Trump4Prez""""""@MrGamecock1: @sjketchen @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved."" EVERYTHING!""""@sarzitron: The best part about @realDonaldTrump running for president will be @HillaryClinton losing. I hate her so much.""""""@ShaneJoseph: Can @realDonaldTrump please run for president just so I can watch him and @HilaryClinton debate. #goodTV""""""@washpostjobs: Who's excited for the hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!""""""@shannlyman: @realDonaldTrump the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them!"" Thank you!""""@Chris_Owens1213: I would love to see how upset @HillaryClinton would get if she were in a debate against @realDonaldTrump.".@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!"""@TracyHolland1: When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.""""@SoyerJanis:  @realDonaldTrump  @boris3324 Don't be so insecure because you KNOW @HillaryClinton will lose against Trump""""@Trainor_Chris: @realDonaldTrump behind you Mr Trump. She's a Nightmare""""""@_SethMade: Folks not aware that @realDonaldTrump could sneak up &amp, be President in 2016."" Watch!""""@208Rocky: @realDonaldTrump announce your presidency. Make America great again."" Stay tuned!""""@KENofdfl:  @RealPro4Real @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner she's a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump, blows her outta the water!""""@destiny_113: @JohnLegere if @realDonaldTrump says your service is terrible, it probably is. His hotels are the best, impeccable service.""""""@RealPro4Real: Vote for @realDonaldTrump &amp, Stop Hillary! She is running for Bill's 3rd Term! @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner""""""@Osorocks: After sitting in awful traffic,no parking (lots full) we gave up on car show today! Trump called it #javitzsucks #carshow""""@Rosesroi: @FoxNews. Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign.""""""@TalkerNewYorker: I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety @realDonaldTrump""  My birthday, interesting.""""@DOWNFALLOFUSA: @realDonaldTrump When r people going 2 wake up &amp, c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy.""""""@BestBergerEver: @realDonaldTrump Hope you'll tell America you're running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge. #Trump4Prez""""@wainainanjenga: @realDonaldTrump @Jackshallis the best president for America ever.""""""@TerriLeeD:  ""@daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! 🇺🇸 When is the announcement??? Let's go! 👍""""""@BlackandBlondeM: @realDonaldTrump for President 2016 &amp, @SenTedCruz for VP! NO more career politicians. @impetrio1 &amp, @BlackAndRight""""""@williamgardanis: Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT""""""@BestBergerEver: Mr. @realDonaldTrump, I agree: T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company &amp, turn it into Trump-Mobile! #Trump4Prez""""@daviddepuma: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 #TeamAmerica""""""@LouistheXVI99: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning! #comeflywithme #Trump2016""""""@KraftyWurker: Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until @RealDonaldTrump gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister""""""@KraftyWurker: Some  Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until @RealDonaldTrump gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister""""""@DanRebellato: . @TMobile I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified.""""""@BackOnTrackUSA:Obama gave honor &amp, praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful""""""@Gingerxoxoxoxo: ""@realDonaldTrump: .@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.""@VerizonWireless is the best""""""@MyIntersperse: Everyone including @JohnLegere knows @TMobile sucks.. @realDonaldTrump - Why don't you buy @TMobile &amp, call it TrumpMobile?""""""@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!""""""@PrincessDaytura: @TMobile   Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption, much respect Mr Trump. #Trump4Prez""""""@saints_74: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana.""""""@tornadopain: @TMobileHelp   Just find @JohnLegere's hissy fit with @realDonaldTrump ironic, since yall have room to catch up""".@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check."""@bkrafttt: My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like @realDonaldTrump""""""@JacobsenSusan: @realDonaldTrump LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!""""""@mjpomor: @realDonaldTrump @mayrazayago This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk""""""@Jcpcond: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere T-Mobile sucks!""""""@ElvinBerndt: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere Guess @rootmetrics @JDPower Had it right. @VerizonWireless has the best wireless network.""""""@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great.""""""@tica1975: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile TMobile sucks can't believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.""""@Chris_R_2014:  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!""""""@rozanakabashi: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better.""""@JamersonHayes: Just keep doing what you're doing, a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon.""""@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump @JamersonHayes Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!""""""@CougarTrace: @realDonaldTrump @JohnLegere @naughtoriousBIG Mr. Trump don't worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company""""""@Lex_Shep: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere. Why are you even using T mobile? I don't use T-Mobile, bad service!"Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!"""@MikeandDawnNY: @JohnLegere I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs &amp, DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now &amp, Hillary the Liar""""""@JohnLegere: .@naughtoriousBIG @realDonaldTrump u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support""  Are you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!""""@LadyZales: You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! #Trump2016""""""@JamersonHayes: My man @realDonaldTrump is what a president should be""""""@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump has already won the election #Trump2016""""""@saugat_p: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS.""""""@housecalls1228: @realDonaldTrump Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote""""@moeaa12: @JohnLegere  @TMobile then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix""""""@thegurleygirl: Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you &amp, the country knows you're the person who can save our country!#Trump2016""""""@WeLoveTheDonald: DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I can't wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!""""""@realliamager: LRT: never thought I would agree with @realDonaldTrump on anything. @EE @TMobile @TMobileUK""  @JohnLegere".@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere.@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings."""@glfceo: The best #custserv in hospitality is at @realDonaldTrump 's @TrumpChicago hotel! Just super!""""""@SalamifiedRBX: Omg @realDonaldTrump for president please"""Without passion, you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!"""@pctech181: For American prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24.""""""@NickBeII: Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed."" Thanks!""""@wiccanfoxglove: @realDonaldTrump will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong &amp, proud!""""@tuckahoetommy: If @realDonaldTrump truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldn't he feel obligated to run?"" Yes!""""@WarrenMarcussen: @realDonaldTrump @KBrocking I love your show though Donny, I'm a fuckung huge fan"" But our country is dieing!""""@AutumnJuliaa: My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as @realDonaldTrump did at my age."""@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!"""@anthonycl: .@realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!""""""@KBrocking: @realDonaldTrump You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!""""""@JordanPolitics: Could it be @HillaryClinton v @realDonaldTrump for POTUS? #Hillary2016 #Trump2016""""""@markraymond: @realDonaldTrump You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!""""""@gabriellebragg4: How do I find out where @realDonaldTrump is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one.""""""@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump President Trump just sounds right!"" Thanks!""""@dtbeasley: @nashvillebiz @NSHBIZSichko @realDonaldTrump he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey."" True!""""@MulletGang2020: Ok @realDonaldTrump i saw the interview on #FoxNews I hope you run!""""""@6aa9ce3efe0c468: @realDonaldTrump @BackOnTrackUSA you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track.""""""@JacksonHoleSue: The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the  right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!""""""@DebraAnnGW: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump I think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run."" Thank you and watch!".@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented."""@dawn_dunne: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier watched, got me pumped""""""@MamaGlove:  Please tell Cruz &amp, Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers #RunTrumpRun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@gamecockandrew: @realDonaldTrump thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow""  My great honor!""""@snugglebun31: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT!"" Watch and thank you.""""@LaurenHayes021: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!""""""@jjnebraski: @realDonaldTrump as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President &amp, make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!""""@dalley5:  I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!""""""@HoustonGunn: A Warm Welcome to #Nashville @realDonaldTrump today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle #Tennessee""""""@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN!"" Thanks Kyle."The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!"""@enole28: @seanhannity When will you have on @realDonaldTrump?  Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country."Off to Nashville and the NRA..@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!"""@BackOnTrackUSA: Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran "" negotiations "". Obama is a disgrace &amp, an embarassment""""""@5reedz: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!"I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there."""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC thats great and all but are you running for pres""  Watch!""""@iamapatsfan: I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush."" Would do a much better job!"Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!"""@stevewest222: @greta @RepDeSantis  DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn't even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump"Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!"""@slips60: @realDonaldTrump Looking in from across the pond, America needs you asap""""""@kissangel864: @realDonaldTrump @justariot66 we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring, i sure hope so""""""@Chm14Mc: @realDonaldTrump Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry""""""@coffee6666: @realDonaldTrump @RealSQUEZZ I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8,000 week. Just watch!""""@BradHeat: @realDonaldTrump is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up."" Thank you.""""@teslu888: @realDonaldTrump We will vote 4 you.""""@RealSQUEZZ: @Realdonaldtrump HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD. #VoteTrumpForPresident""""""@justariot66: Rand, Cruz, Rubio next week. A hat trick of ""never gonna win"" Donald if you ever were for real this is the time.""""""@kwrcrow: @CommunityJC  I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe #Trump can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can""""""@TtsincWard: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump we're pulling for you..""""""@Jpicc1: @realDonaldTrump Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!""""""@EHarper69: @realDonaldTrump If you run you will win.. I've never been wrong. Just be presidential, not a salesman!"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!"""@ColemanG81: I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016""""@MyView001: @realDonaldTrump U sure could do a lot for the country!""""""@mccoykellen: I would 100% recommend everyone watch all of @realDonaldTrump vines.""""""@Finenco: Rand Paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. Heard it before @TexasGOP @nytimes We need flat tax #Vote 4 DonaldTrump""""@sxeymoney: @realDonaldTrump for president.""""""@Brain__Quotes: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump""""""@Brain__Quotes: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough. @realDonaldTrump""""""@gegco: @seanhannity Great interview with @RandPaul It will b interesting 2 c if @realDonaldTrump runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.""""""@ckottlarock: @realDonaldTrump #trump4prez""""""@Amit_D_R: @realDonaldTrump @4kmiddlebrook I'm sure the American voters will say, ""Mr Trump you are hired!""""""""@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.""""@xwellLudwig: .@realDonaldTrump We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #Trump2016 #Teens4Trump""""""@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet. America Needs #Trump2016 !""Thanks"Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!"""@laurasgoldman: .@realDonaldTrump why is it necessary to comment on .@ariannahuff looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me""""@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump @cleopattrausa Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again."" Thank you.""""@kzieff: @realDonaldTrump just run!""""""@Realistboutmine: F.Y.I  Will make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason.""""""@Whatyouknowjr: @realDonaldTrump @Realistboutmine All you need to do is announce and we're there!""""""@Reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump agree 100%""""""@Realistboutmine: @realDonaldTrump for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country""""""@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!""""""@cstace1: @realDonaldTrump is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!""""""@ChipGates1: @realDonaldTrump @RollingStone @HuffingtonPost Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper""""""@jasonCwaite: @realDonaldTrump The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? #Trump"""How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!"""@willgalloway_: @realDonaldTrump when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know you're running! #Trump2016""""""@ShapiroJD: @realDonaldTrump You should be on #SharkTank as a guest star. #Trump2016 #kingofthedeal"" Nice show!""""@susanbbossie: @realDonaldTrump Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ Trump National in VA @serenawilliams ❤️🎾❤️ Best in world".@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication"""@ISAACYASS: @realDonaldTrump I know you will do great things for the USA!""""""@Buster842: @realDonaldTrump The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.""""""@MarianoQCasilum: PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA"“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - @marklevinshowCongratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp, well-deserved!Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp, local rights!Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes..@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!"""@majesticljp: @realDonaldTrump it's time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!""""""@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again!"" You are right!""""@somecooldad: @MrMikeCalta @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!""""""@maxine41823: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen""""""@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016""""""@RealMetman: @realDonaldTrump nice segment on @foxandfriends.. you have my vote"""Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!"""@tijfbutler: Greatest Easter greeting ever RT“@realDonaldTrump: I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!”""""""@Bamadad1985: @realDonaldTrump I hope u run for president. U have my vote""".@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!"""@BabyFuzz1969: Declare Your Candidacy! Right time, Right age, Right mind w/common sense, Right Leadership #RightMan #RightNow #RightVote"""Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!"""@greta: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour""""""@hillarysusans: @greta @realDonaldTrump That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!""""""@greta: @hillarysusans @realDonaldTrump I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR""""""@ohheyyhbayyy: One could only hope that @realDonaldTrump will run for president. Had enough of Obama's poor choices in office."The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe"""@4kmiddlebrook: #Everyone @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary"Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal"""@OliverOmrf  Very excited to start reading #theartofthedeal after being so inspired by #howtogetrich  @realDonaldTrump"" Great. Good luck!"Thank you Georgia!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016"""@jleec Reading @realDonaldTrump Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! #Trump2016""""""@MichelleM: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal &amp, who would not make a bad deal w/ #Iran""""""@Scotspolfed: Friendliness, professionalism &amp, sheer dedication of staff @TurnberryBuzz should be pointed out to the boss @realDonaldTrump""""@Tyrone_deverger: @realDonaldTrump I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.""""@kuhnl1: ""@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort."""""Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!"""@ronsonlocke @realDonaldTrump I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing!"" Thanks!""""@DanMilosevich @EricTrump @TrumpFerryPoint  Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him"""My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS"""@19thWheel: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Thank you for having #Trump on!! Want to see him educate reps on #Economy !!""""""@19thWheel:  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.""""""@CodiHart: @realDonaldTrump Saw you on @oreillyfactor tonight. Go Trump!""""""@FlyOSUBuckeye1: RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read ""Art Of The Deal""""""""@Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run""""@Will1957:  MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.""""""@Cigartainer: @realDonaldTrump best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp, r a true citizen.""""""@devin199722:  Just watched you on @oreillyfactor Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!""""""@MichelleMeyer10: Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants ""death to America"" a reality""""@LauraMontaguxox: @realDonaldTrump You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country!"" Thanks.""""@cinderelly78: @oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump Get in there and straighten this country out! 🇺🇸""""""@ChrisBiedermann: Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.""""""@tr123xyz: @realDonaldTrump Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. ""The smart guy"" is what this country needs.""""""@Teeroyd: Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!""""""@bridgetmarie89:  ""@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor ""The Smart Guy"" I love that slogan!"""" Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me""""""@nikkio:  Good interview on O'Reilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies.""""""@pinkdaisey22: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!""""""@hitemhard_42: @realDonaldTrump is not a #politician. Perfect. Build back a great #America, Say what u mean &amp, Get it done. #RealBusinessMan""""@Party__2016: @realDonaldTrump MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!!"" Thanks.""""@wnapier99: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on O'Reilly tonight!""""""@sailor7: @rebeccagberg - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back @realDonaldTrump - he is a Patriot""""""@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. @realDonaldTrump""""@wingchungun: 👉Trump👈 would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp, in ONE day!!!""""@msft9: @realDonaldTrump @RichRichie725 good job on O'Reilly tonight!""""""@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!""""""@anniekineavy: @realDonaldTrump for president !! #thesmartguy""""""@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!""""""@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with Iran."""Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough."""@RichRichie725: @realDonaldTrump You can't make a BAD Deal GOOD""""""@EdRoc72: @realDonaldTrump will bring #America back. Our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #STRONG #LEADER like Donald Trump. #Elect2016""""""@katmur23: Run @realDonaldTrump Run! @oreillyfactor #oreillyfactor""""""@doehillmeme: I'm with you, @realDonaldTrump!!""""""@agoodeye: @oreillyfactor v @realDonaldTrump Bill you're out of your league. Don knows what he's saying""""""@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor - We need Trump as President!""""""@J_SAB_: @realDonaldTrump for president !""""""@trhdesign55: Great interview @realDonaldTrump on @oreillyfactor !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!""""""@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor ""The Smart Guy"" I love that slogan!""""""@oledudstillgoin: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!""""""@MichaelTMorgan1: @oreillyfactor Trump is RIGHT: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast""""""@StoneBreakerII: I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor""""""@STL_Blonde: I love you @realDonaldTrump, you're an American original. Don't ever change. #oreillyfactor"" Thank you.""""@christianlasval: ""What's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart."" Hurry and run already, we need to get smart""""@southsalem: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump b4 christie jeb schumio @oreillyfactor""""""@kicknback123: @realDonaldTrump is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor""""""@jesseaazar: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!""""""@MarianoQCasilum: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMA'S MALADIES!""""""@JohnA553: @realDonaldTrump Don you have to run""""""@GWONDER6: First election I can vote in... I want @realDonaldTrump to run for president.""""""@Beyon: @oreillyfactor You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?""""""@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP"""Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!"""@MegaPandaduck: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump, America needs you!""""""@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @WeLoveTheDonald I would support you if you were going to get in the race""  Thanks.""""@KhadeejaNicolle: @realDonaldTrump Your exactly correct. Don't let me down by not running for President!""""""@WeLoveTheDonald: You can count me in! Why do you think I'm @WeLoveTheDonald? Because I believe in you and trust your judgement!""""""@donniewilmoth: @realDonaldTrump I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy.""""""@GiamattiJenna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor it's going 2 b good"""I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactorEntrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.“Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think BigThere is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp, REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran."""@Ajcarpenter0 Hoping to see @realDonaldTrump in office for the next 8 years #Trump2016""""""@Tom38Ts I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016""""""@marioraez1: Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way""""""@thembazoko1: ""@realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player"""""The border is wide open for cartels &amp, terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp, deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!"""@mysticmimsy:  @JavaMedic I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident.""""""@Politcswatch: @realDonaldTrump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends""""""@JavaMedic: @realDonaldTrump You know we are desperate, so time to announce #TrumpForPresident. #foxandfriends""""""@LooneyTunes002: I am tired of @realDonaldTrump thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.""""""@Tom38Ts: @realDonaldTrump please run for president this country needs a real leader please""""""@danowiggins: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth."" Perhaps so!"The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell"""@nathanmporter @TrumpToronto @realDonaldTrump Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved... #Toronto""""""@IndyBuffaloJim @TrumpToronto Doesn't suprise me one little bit, look who is running luxury Donald Trump that master of what people want :)""""@CahlRStorrie  Everytime @realDonaldTrump comes to Scotland, it's always sunny. It's not often for the sun to be out in Scotland""""""@shepherd_connor Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once it's finished!"The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer"""@sammybo73392412 @AaronMcAllorum @realDonaldTrump I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight""""""@littlevd23 @AaronMcAllorum @NYC Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!""  Thanks.""""@CraigHume Off to @ayrracecourse tonight for the @AyrshireChamber dinner. Looking forward to seeing @realDonaldTrump &amp, hearing his speech!""""@EntourageUK @AyrshireChamber looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from @realDonaldTrump #ACdinner15""""""@DOSMTurnberry Look forward to hosting clients &amp, guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker @realDonaldTrump""""""@RoddyDunn @realDonaldTrump @AyrshireChamber big things expected from tonight's key note speech :)""""""@KellyMorrisLtd  @AyrshireChamber Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! America's future president"""Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber"""@NathanErbland   I agree------&gt, The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege! @realDonaldTrump""""""@henry4_graham  @realDonaldTrump Fantastic advice as always."" Thanks."Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal"""@Jeff713Jeffrey @FoxNewsInsider I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!"""Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus"""@bluesmanSINY  @realDonaldTrump The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader""""""@paul1994loan  You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter""""""@Wastehe  @realDonaldTrump @ACCronin8  We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!""""""@ACCronin8 @realDonaldTrump Trump for president!!!""""""@AmazinHOF The more I read about @realDonaldTrump the more I want him to be President. His directness &amp, honesty just makes sense."""Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble."""@aspieprobs: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #trumpforprez you will get my vote.""""@xxjennypennyxx: @realDonaldTrump Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbeg🙏🙌 #Spa #irishgirl #Donaldtrump #lovetrump #Ireland""""@BrendanMalakym @realDonaldTrump First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, &amp, experience is the right word"" Thx"Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald ReaganJack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus"""@HaKolBzman  you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around"" Thanks.""""@johnny4arizona: A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA #1 , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN #Trump2016""""""@johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 #Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! #Trump2016""""""@cptnloco262: @realDonaldTrump Watching @greta right now...I'm game! Let's take it and win!""""""@Gibbons2012Alex: @MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump id vote for you..""""""@brianstoya: @realDonaldTrump For POTUS #2016""""""@DrueBuono: @realDonaldTrump Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for it""  You'll see!""""@GreatmakeupKate: @realDonaldTrump @Jdwillms1Jeff Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have""""""@tgainesgirl:  @WeLoveTheDonald I totally agree I almost cried watching @greta interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America""""""@MikePhelps5: Watching Mighty Planes about @realDonaldTrump private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet."" Thank you.""""@15pinnacle: I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and it's beautiful!!""""""@conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow @realDonaldTrump the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America.""""""@WeLoveTheDonald: @realDonaldTrump What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!"""Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!"""@iBusinessLounge: @realDonaldTrump and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men. #iBusinessLounge #Business""""""@Belle_2016: @greta I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for President with @marcorubio as vice president. That would work for people in Fla.""""@Jdwillms1Jeff: @realDonaldTrump You are the best choice to turn around the country."""I am on @greta now!"""@josephangel247 @realDonaldTrump So true after reading the Art of the Deal #AMustReadBook #GoodAdvice"""Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one."""@Stevieboy_63 @TalkerNewYorker  @5gentexan  Hi Katie, let's get Donald Trump in the WH. He's the man to get this country back in order!""""""@TalkerNewYorker @IndyBuffaloJim @greta Mr. Trump IS ""Mr. NYC"" Let's make him ""Mr. President""  I am ready to work-it to get you in!""""""@IndyBuffaloJim @greta I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful""""@MauiJano You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial  repair to America!"" Thx""""@Lisaowens1989  @realDonaldTrump please run for president and get our country running better!""""""@Kev_360 @GolfDigest Agree. Especially when @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest""""""@PAW1015: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, please run. You'd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270""""""@MariaFotedis: Please run @realDonaldTrump you will win. We need you""""""@JNOBOA23: @realDonaldTrump this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!""""""@DebrachoPaola: Donald Trump is the hope of America!  @realDonaldTrump""""""@SimsDaniel: #Trump2016 Please! @realDonaldTrump""""""@SanStar_eMedia: Heard @realDonaldTrump might be running for #president. Think that would be pretty cool actually.""""""@_ayley: @realDonaldTrump you would be doing our country a favor by running for President. #Trump2016""""""@vagpoop: @realDonaldTrump Heard you on 770 today. You should run. #FORREAL""""""@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump, The US needs you!!""""""@johnhmaddox: Listening to DonaldTrump interview on @SavageNation. He's so far above the rest of the field as a practical, realistic leader""""@MichaelEntrekin: At this point, every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! #trumpforpresident We need you, sir! Run! #betteramerica""""""@DoremusJ: @realDonaldTrump You're my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they don't you should fire them."" Cute!""""@Eerbnagrom: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump my 2 favorites!""""""@NJunger_19: Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again.""""""@PG1701: “@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed Cruz running becos I don't like anyone cept @realDonaldTrump.”""""@NJunger_19: @GingerPascoe @realDonaldTrump Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not, he gets it.""""""@nick_bailey: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump's miraculous border fence when he's elected President in 2016!""""""@DrewPalmquist: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016!!""""""@anon_thom: You have my vote @realDonaldTrump""""""@joelleangeli: @realDonaldTrump I'm patiently awaiting a big announcement... #Trump2016""""""@DinoPetrongolo: @realDonaldTrump 2016""""""@SCOTTMALOUFF: @realDonaldTrump you have to run!! Your next!!""""""@CVergara32: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@Matt_The_Stud: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs.""""@vidortwitt: @realDonaldTrump plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump this country needs you!!""""""@ColinSWood: 1) I will vote for you @realDonaldTrump""""""@marko0524: @realDonaldTrump Run Donald Run""""""@NJunger_19: @realDonaldTrump Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP, but I WILL if u run.""""@JaayZen: @realDonaldTrump @chriswerner1988 Run Donald Run! @seanhannity""""""@brianjohnson4: When you become President, who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you.""""""@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced he's running because I don't like anyone except @realDonaldTrump.""""@alorcafesocial: @realDonaldTrump @BellaNYCMag love YA Donald!!""""""@JeremyTheDrift: @realDonaldTrump please run , you are republicans only hope 🙏""""""@raymeem: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees naïveté of America vs China""""@lancebagley1: @realDonaldTrump Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN. #Trump2016""""""@am_burns13: Currently rooting for @realDonaldTrump to announce his 2016 campaign""""""@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Make the announcement June 14th !""""""@belllachay: @realDonaldTrump Please tell me you're going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you! #AllTheWay #VoteTrump""""""@ULTIMATE_TREE: @realDonaldTrump Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do.""""""@cclkm: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly Run Donald Run!""""""@Wastehe: @realDonaldTrump @FatRotty well @realDonaldTrump make an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!""""""@FatRotty: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. #Trump2016"""Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!"""@ArsenalHobbo Just finished watching celebrity apprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause""""""@JoanSlavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations""""""@greigaspinall  @realDonaldTrump great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done @johnrich""  Thanks.""""@CahlRStorrie I think @realDonaldTrump is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is."" @foxandfriends""""@suddy25  just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.""""""@JohnFulthorpe: America needs @realDonaldTrump He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump""""""@NeilWipperman: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Go Team Trump!""""""@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed."" Thank you.""""@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!""""@duranshingange1: @realDonaldTrump i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life."" Great, you will be very successful!"Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy."""@TylerLeeSmit: I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. They're looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!""""""@JefferyAArnold: #TedCruz for president? Haha. Really @tedcruz? You should run as support for @realDonaldTrump, not as a candidate.""""""@TravelBabe78: @realDonaldTrump You will have my vote. #PresidentTrump""""""@wizardofwords: @VictoriaJacobs @TrumpToronto  Yes, I loved it! Close to #UnionStation for train travellers, which is what I was. #Toronto""""""@JJJ2323: Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests""""""@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!""""""@dulcifybp @seajay2uk @realDonaldTrump @VisitAyrshire what a great credit to Donald Trump""  Thanks.""""@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpful""  Good luck."Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill"""@RaffleWinner @realDonaldTrump I can't decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! #Trump2016"""Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like."""@moniquehorsey  I really love and admire @realDonaldTrump's high level of work ethic &amp, motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs!"" Thanks""""@zaneypeterson  @realDonaldTrump you have my vote!""""""@john_siracusa @realDonaldTrump @Boarcane ""President Donald Trump"" would be an awesome presence in #America , and we regain respect.""""""@HORPTyler  While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think it's great that @realDonaldTrump will try for the White House.""""""@Smilin_Smuggler @realDonaldTrump You have my vote! #trumpforpresident #Trump2016""""""@yo_rocky Right now... I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for president.""""""@TalkerNewYorker  I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in #NYC, how lucky other parts get to benefit! #GoodFamily""""""@LittmannRaymond @realDonaldTrump He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect America's interests worldwide.""""""@annmcg01 @rosannascotto Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice, we need a real President! I'd vote for him!  Love to see him on #GDNY""""""@matt_med @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!""""""@littlevd23  @rosannascotto  He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable""""""@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!""""""@aozsvath: @realDonaldTrump Please Run for the president, and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!""""""@rCoolJR: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016!!! You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!""""""@JLogossoComedy: I've never voted... If @realDonaldTrump runs for #President .... I'm voting for him""""Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  ""Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness.""""""@WillAA99: @realDonaldTrump For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!""""@MyTime28: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense""""@MidvilleB: @realDonaldTrump Please run &amp, save this country""""""@vinceconley: @realDonaldTrump woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016""""""@ezika101: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #jobsmatter""""""@TheRealHabanero: The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future""""@thatjguy92: Mark it down @realDonaldTrump has my vote"" Great!""""@TMAC7771: @realDonaldTrump run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again""""""@JoshCalebKing: @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump Trumpy really loves the Irish!""""""@d_mc_cullough: @paddyb_ireland @realDonaldTrump Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world."""Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count."""@SamDoyle12  when discouragement comes in the business, what would be your suggestion?"" You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward.""""@Jack_P_Ivory  I'm a #trump fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!""  True!""""@myhealthcoach1: Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear, straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob US has!""""""@AnitaMarkdjones: @realDonaldTrump agree , he has my vote !!""""""@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us.""  True!""""@craigmacwilson: @realDonaldTrump 'Run Donald, RUN!'""""""@1a0e358348904f5: We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done! @realDonaldTrump for president!""""""@grahamclark: Is it just me or does @realDonaldTrump seem nice?""""""@jcosmofisher: If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around""""""@Mayhemsolis @realDonaldTrump any tips on staying motivated?"" Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- &amp, don't lose momentum.""""@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump when starting a business, what is the most important aspect?"" Find work that you love--be passionate about it.""""@StuartY19 @realDonaldTrump Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now!""  Great!""""@fc61e7ca3dac404: @realDonaldTrump a great candidate for president! H:-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u""""""@JenninBoca: I enjoy seeing @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends. ""President Trump"" has a lovely ring to it, I think. #TeamTrump @FoxNews""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump you sound really presidential on @foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win""""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends i cant wait""""""@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends".@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M."""@EdgeCGroup: Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump""""""@Dhami98Devin: As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I haven't been able to put down 'The Art Of The Deal' Great book!""""""@BritLizHilton: #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr don't follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire @realDonaldTrump""""""@donnalee57: @realDonaldTrump yes sir, wish you were President with decision power to lead this Country back to greatness""""""@NagwareXBL: we need @realDonaldTrump for president""  So true, thanks!"Boy did Pharrell &amp, Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp, then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp, people where they belong--out of the big picture."Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, ""Donald Trump."" Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!""""@team6Q: “Watch, listen, and #learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.” - Donald Trump"""The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!"""@dennis_goins: @realDonaldTrump What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! It's now or never! We need leadership!""""""@newhopenchange: Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time.""""""@HGswiney: @realDonaldTrump is more than an entrepreneur... He's an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016""  Thank you!""""@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @russiannavyblog @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President👍""""@SecondToNONE8: The White House is waiting for you to move in, Mr. Trump. @realDonaldTrump""""""@russiannavyblog: @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews If there is anything America desperately needs, it's a Trump run!""""""@CharlesGerace: Can't wait to play @TrumpFerryPoint this April. Tee time already booked. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for another great course.""""""@W_O_R_L_D_USA: @realDonaldTrump would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!""""""@Joe3957: @realDonaldTrump @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Do it.""""""@gsspike:  @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews He's the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count.""""""@monkiekaty: @realDonaldTrump @AlorAcai If Mr. Trump runs for president, we will vote👍""""""@jwil444: @realDonaldTrump @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could""""""@AlorAcai: #GoodAdviceIn4Words Vote @realDonaldTrump For President.""""""@MeetinLongBeach: @TrumpGolfLA @RepostApp @PGAGrandSlam Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater #LongBeach area! #MeetinLB""""""@momtoheather: @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump great Hotel!! Stayed there twice.""""""@DNorrell: @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back. @realDonaldTrump""""""@CalhounDeane: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! #AbsoluteIcon""""""@JorgeQB22: ""@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!"""""Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface."""@SLanister @realDonaldTrump @Sherry09 please hurry up &amp, run,  I'll vote for you!!!""""""@pimpincrxboy @realDonaldTrump can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. #topnotch"" Thanks""""@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great""""""@Sherry09 @realDonaldTrump Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!""""""@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump There’s only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this country...Donald Trump 2016""""""@Warrior_Dave: @photomateme  @jacknicklaus I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's""""""@kenzig:  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah"""GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint"""@justrelaxfornow: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA Your son Eric is awesome.""""""@sandykjack: @realDonaldTrump -You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead""""""@justinraay: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA. Awesome!""""""@RealPro4Real: It's so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!  @TrumpGolfLA @FoxNews @foxandfriends @CNBC""""""@IPFinancing: @realDonaldTrump @daltonkats Trump Chicago is my favorite.""""""@TdavisTonya: Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls 'throw your hat in the ring'!""""""@KRCompanion: If @realDonaldTrump gave a State of the Union address, I'd listen. #TheApprentice #Trump"""The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks"""@JustinKrizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for  DonaldTrump - he's the best candidate out there."""An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin"""@daltonkats Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building! @realDonaldTrump""  Thanks!""""@Budd0427 @realDonaldTrump Jean George's is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building""  Thank you.""""@ricd384: The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it'""""""@wisdomsquote: “Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.” – Donald Trump""""""@JxCookie96 @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business, going for gold. Thank you.""  Great--good luck!"Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp, working is art &amp, good business is the best artAndy Warhol"""@scapesrus  @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !""  Thank you.""""@Tyler_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector?"" Know your territory."The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp, critics alike loved it..@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral"""@SamDoyle12  thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business?"" The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch""""@JimmyHanlin: @realDonaldTrump your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!""""""@belllabooo13:  @AplemonLemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!""""""@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president. #TrumpForPresident""""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends What a way to start my week! Love it!""""""@RippethAmy: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends that's what a president of United States should sound like. #TrumpForPresident"""Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes."""@MansfieldRA: The Q Is @realDonaldTrump Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote. @realDonaldTrump"""Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!"""@toypilaVzla: Donald for President @realDonaldTrump. Trump is ☞ triumph ✌ #TrumpforPresident"Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship, we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack NicklausI have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold PalmerThe harder you work, the luckier you get. -- Gary Player"""@la_loquita We are breaking into real estate investing and we love @realDonaldTrump because he knows his business!!""  Great, good luck!""""@MasterBaxter8: Only someone like you ""successful at so much"" deserves a shot to be President! We don't need another mediocre politician.""""""@MrLWord: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president""""""@benpobjie: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV""""""@AndrewJAlbert01: Also, I want to hit @realDonaldTrump's new course, Ferry Point, when it opens. Views can't be beat.""""""@MegaHeid: I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say: I really hope @realDonaldTrump does run for president""""""@nurse4bebes: @realDonaldTrump Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!""""""@spinenumber408: Quality fans, bro. “@Stevieboy_63: @realDonaldTrump Go Donald,your are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016""""@dochubbard62: @realDonaldTrump 2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed, praying for you and the country.""""@HarryPlush: US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire @realDonaldTrump as Captain! Best course owner ever""  THANK YOU!""""@EJ1469: @realDonaldTrump well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA""""""@Cabraler: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President. You've had my vote a long time ago. #2016"""Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S."""@DNorrell: @realDonaldTrump we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.  VERY TRUE!""""@GreeneyesA78: @realDonaldTrump Don't ever change who you are!!😊"" I promise!"Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costsEvery sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger WoodsBecause of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam SneadPlacing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan"""@jlawfriedman: @realDonaldTrump The property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthy""  Thank you!""""@bahia6085: @TrumpFerryPoint @realDonaldTrump WOW!""""""@LakersCanes305: On my way to @TrumpDoral What better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!  @realDonaldTrump""""@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!""""""@anthonyjmyers: Looking at @realDonaldTrump compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. #Trump2016 WE CAN DO THIS 💪"""Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!"""@LakersCanes305: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump I'll b there in a couple hours! Can't wait to see what this place looks like!""""@ElianaBenador: #CPAC th crystal ball to see th future: True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump""""@tharris012: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@jamesmason1: “@realDonaldTrump: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player”""""""@DanielPokorski: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class"" Thanks.""""@mbabramson: @realDonaldTrump Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's important!"The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. -- Phil MickelsonConcentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack NicklausThe road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold PalmerWe create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary PlayerAll 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship."""@KittyCakes92: @seanhannity I think @realDonaldTrump should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader.""""""@phatpuppyart: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan""""@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump great posts. As a budding entrepreneur, I appreciate the quotes""  Great--work hard and good luck!"Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp, possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of themSo many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!"""@pcufinn: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor."" Great idea.""""@adamodell: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!""""@Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done""""@ShotGunFloyd: @realDonaldTrump classic!"""The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our borderThe evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!Put the glamour, beauty &amp, mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp, most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp, laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts!I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp, why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!"""@JPNwrites  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. @realDonaldTrump""  True!""""@JCL30 @realDonaldTrump had a run round @TurnberryBuzz Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished."" Thanks."Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!"""@TalismanJohnnyA: Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends""""""@CatchMeOnForbes: I would love to just chill and talk with @realDonaldTrump about life. Man is a genius!""  Thanks.""""@Colleen_VSU: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends just turned it on!! Can't wait to see you at #CPAC2015""  Great.""""@brwneyesnbama: Great morning, coffee and @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews this morning. Doesn't get much better than that. #foxandfriends""""""@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours""""""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!""""""@brwneyesnbama: I love @realDonaldTrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero"" Thanks.""""@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump watching you now on #FOXAndFriends RUN DONALD RUN!!!!""""""@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DAMN IT!""""""@HeatherChilders: @LavelleGerald @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you too Gerald! Thanks for watching!"" Great job Heather!""""@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump nice job this morning on #Foxabdfriends ! You have my vote, not Walker"""The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!"""@rosenavy5:  @MCLAUGHLlN I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!""""@taylor70778592: #ObamaLovesAmerica like Rosie O'Donnell loves Donald Trump"" Interesting.""""@MCLAUGHLlN: @realDonaldTrump i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide""""""@themindofreyrey: ""You have to think anyway, so why not think big?"" ~@realDonaldTrump #Powerful #QuoteOfTheDay""""""@ColdMud: ""I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a @realDonaldTrump. If that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty""""@julsberg1723: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita I'll sign up too. Where? When? I'm ready.""""""@newlooksmk: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita run baby run!!! We need you!""""""@BUTTONPUSHER50: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.""""@toddinwichita: @realDonaldTrump I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN . #VoteForTrump #TrumpForPresident""""@MichaelDaudel @realDonaldTrump Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs.""  My pleasure. Work hard!"Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp, setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp, life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact..@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now)."""@DbzOptimist: Most people in the US want @realDonaldTrump to Be President...Really Nice. #VoteForTrump""""""@cadigirl13: @realDonaldTrump Your not fired ! your hired! #TrumpForPresident""""""@calimtns: @realDonaldTrump Please, Please, please run for President, I'm begging!!!!""""""@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote for 2016! #VoteForTrump""""""@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Good Evening Mr President! @realDonaldTrump""""""@mdamelincourt: @fotograaf @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto We are looking forward to welcoming you...""""""@JLNewman29: ""To me, what matters is doing, and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money."" - @realDonaldTrump #Trump16""""""@txblondegrad: @realDonaldTrump is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around."" I agree!""""@tellkell: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!"""Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalkerEntrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated."""@dannyandrews51: @realDonaldTrump this country is ready for a true leader, and that leader is you!"" I agree!""""@jodiestir: Watching reruns of the apprentice @realDonaldTrump absolutely love @piersmorgan brilliant!!"""Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGEThe winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning."""@Hasam_A: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, I'd vote for him in a heartbeat.""""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump my hero and America's hero!"" Thank you.""""@TossMyJohnson: @realDonaldTrump run for president""""""@xkayla_rae: mom - "" leave me alone I want to just be with @realDonaldTrump """" Cute!""""@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!""""""@Furtaw2point0: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!""""""@chingaling3: @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump Congratulations""""""@iCodyTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN! @realDonaldTrump #quote""""""@StephPhipps9733: #CelebApprentice #CelbrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump Loved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!""""""@OscarBagPledge: Congrats @LeezaGibbons @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump for donating millions to various charities! #MakingADifference""""@Radiogal505: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing, classy competitor.""""""@BrandoBarton: @MikeSington @realDonaldTrump so excited about another season of #TheApprentice""""""@LDHFab40: @KenyaMoore @dblanks @GeorgeMiguelC Even @realDonaldTrump admitted you were nice and a joy to work with.""""@cookit1960: @TODAYshow @Carson Daly's @realDonaldTrump so happy 4 Leeza. I was hoping she'd win all along.""""""@jessibee35: @realDonaldTrump Please don't stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show.#Hurryback#NewCast #HelpingCharity""""@GingerzGirl: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful.""""""@KristyHernandez: Looking forward to #CelebApprentice Season 15!!! My favorite show 😍 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC""""""@MelRivers: Thank you for amazing tribute to my mom @Joan_Rivers. Beyond touched. Xx  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #CelebrityApprentice""""""@TNVOLINFL: @accesshollywood @realDonaldTrump @BWilliams @Rosie LOVE @realDonaldTrump Thanks for saying what we think."""Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE"""@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President"" Thank you.""""@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President""""""@Amit_D_Ranade::Sir thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.""""@YankeeRunnerLV: TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce he's running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way #Trump2016 #USA""""""@darryljirwin: @realDonaldTrump any coincidence finale is on President's Day? #trump2016"""Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A."""@Bravolebrity1 LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Ratings for #CelebrityApprentice have been at an all time high! #1""""""@GarnerVideoPros:  @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Can't Wait! The show is already Great!""""""@susansmeltzer: @realDonaldTrump @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera cant wait!!! Took day off. :)""""""@Bravolebrity1: #CelebrityApprentice season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show! @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville  @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera"""Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?"""@trufacts_101: @realDonaldTrump @fabiolasellsnj ANYTHING WITH THE #TRUMP NAME IS EPIC""  Thanks.""""@fabiolasellsnj: @realDonaldTrump will be EPIC!""""""@webester: @realDonaldTrump @carriejo4ever I hope Geraldo wins...""""""@bryan_carpenter:  @LeezaGibbons should win! She has grown so much and is a natural born leader! So professional and kind. She's a gift!""""""@SusanZoss: @realDonaldTrump Leza Gibbons hands down! Geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader.""""""@carriejo4ever: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo..he's the man to beat..!""""""@KRCompanion: @realDonaldTrump - Huge fan of #CelebrityApprentice &amp, your legendary career! TX for sharing your wisdom &amp, courage.".#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?"""@someasianchick: Will you be my valentine @realDonaldTrump ??? Or at least run for president?""""""@manofsteel619: @realDonaldTrump my God, I would pay to see you destroy Hillary in a debate, please run!""""""@MichelleRenee_V: @ApprenticeNBC It MUST be @LeezaGibbons because she is well rounded, hardworking, kind &amp, professional. SHE'S HIRED! 🎉""""""@The_Buffs: Congrats to @realDonaldTrump in JCOPE victory over lightweight @AGSchneiderman""""""@lorictolbert: @realDonaldTrump please run for #president2016""""""@CharmianNeary: @realDonaldTrump @NYDNHammond @NYDailyNews @klnynews JCOPE secret proceedings render it useless. Time to close it down.""""""@AndrewChrome: @realDonaldTrump @NYDailyNews @klnynews Congrats Mr. Trump justice prevails""""""@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Happy Valentines Day to you and your lovely wife. Jesus Loves you both.""""""@BuckyBirt: @13ascot81 @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice has caused me to like Brandi.""""""@AllGoodEggs:  @LoriMoreno @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto @Forbes Any chance you can make America 5Star please?""""""@JohnWeak: I live for every word this man says @business icon @realDonaldTrump: #realestate @business #successfactors @Entrepreneur""""""@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @MenOfHistory The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general!"" Thanks""""@MotAmazeBeGREAT: ""Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war."" - Donald Trump #Inspirational @realDonaldTrump""""""@LoriMoreno: RT @realDonaldTrump Congratulations @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto @Forbes Five-Star ratings""""@MotAmazeBeGREAT: ""What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."" - Donald Trump""""@ccrealty2: “It’s tangible, it’s solid, it’s beautiful. It’s artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.” -Donald Trump""""@MenOfHistory: ""I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big."" - Donald Trump""""""@FILMBAY_CINEMA: ""Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."" Donald Trump"""Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspectorI still don’t know who I’m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like?  @ApprenticeNBCThe entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM"""@KhanyisaniDlomo: ""Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war"" - Donald Trump.""""""@FenitaAyu1: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump""".#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns"""@LuckyShaut @realDonaldTrump If I could only read one of your books, which one would you recommend?"" The Art of the Deal."Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!"""@tahjeebriggs ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire @realDonaldTrump. this weekend will be nothing less than EPIC"""Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!"""@nikkoarganese23: @realDonaldTrump you the truth!! I love you""""""@sebplaski: @realDonaldTrump Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!"""Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!"""@ericleebow: Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.""""""@SheStampsAlot: @NBCNews @TODAYshow #FireBrianWilliams disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.""""@dcfoodsafety: Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice""""""@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses #CelebrityApprentice""""""@tthompson67: I began reading @realDonaldTrump quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!""""""@VMilaccio: #DonaldTrump was right about #RosieODonnell. She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance. @realDonaldTrump"""I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!"""@Mack_Theresa: Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!"""Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm ForbesWith America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod"""@SenorVito9: @realDonaldTrump your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!""""""@MasterBaxter8: @realDonaldTrump @chirofrenzy I'm not, because if he runs the White House will be his.""""""@FanOfGreenMMs: @SarahPalinUSA not only nice hair, he is a warrior &amp, leader! You can trust him. He genuinely loves America &amp, American.""""""@Stallion2011: @GlennThrush Liar. Forbes has @realDonaldTrump net worth at $4 billion.""""""@DrChimRickles: @JrebstockR  @SarahPalinUSA trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hair=best president. Wow!""""@DaveKaszerman: @realDonaldTrump great season. It gets better every week.""""""@chirofrenzy: Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold &amp, poop"""Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste"""@MichaelOpitz: @realDonaldTrump @MollyOgden Thanks for standing up for the truth.""""""@888maggie888: I am voting for @GeraldoRivera to win @ApprenticeNBC! He is not as slimy as I thought. He has integrity and does not lie.""""""@MollyOgden: @realDonaldTrump This is what I like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right out.That's how it's done""""@AshbyNeil: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@cmdorsey: @realDonaldTrump Did U see Asselrod on #oreillyfactor last night?? He mentioned your name. He is such an arrogant asshole""""""@SouthCentralTim: It's only 6am and @realDonaldTrump is already putting people in their places via Twitter! Trump for president 2016!!!""""""@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump'S SHOW, THE @apprenticenbc IS THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV. #Educative #Informative""""""@zeebusie: REALLY? David Axelrod comparing #Sharpton to @realDonaldTrump UNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!! @BillOReilyTV @FoxNews NO COMPARISON!!!""""""@DrChimRickles: You looked very presidential last night on the telly @realDonaldTrump"" Thank you.""""@JJonesTTU: @realDonaldTrump @davidaxelrod @oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you.""""""@singlead: @realDonaldTrump Can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . .""""""@seniorslocum: @realDonaldTrump is up early putting ignorant people in their place""""""@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @davidaxelrod I knew when I heard him say it you would speak up. Good on ya!""""""@bkura99: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run for president! #Trump2016""".@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!"""@Jillpie1:DonaldTrump I hated you firing too many people at once, not exciting, total bummer.Please, one at a time, psyched for next season""""@ReidCindy: @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump best top three ever &amp, so much respect for MsFox! #CelebApprentice""""""@CandyFairy16: @realDonaldTrump Idk what I'm gonna do with my life now that #CelebrityApprentice is almost over lol""""""@RealMissCTusa: Excited to see who will win #CelebrityApprentice next Monday! Such a great season. @realDonaldTrump""""""@Bravolebrity1: .@realDonaldTrump Noooo! You can't stop now!! I need more #CelebrityApprentice!""""""@Business_MANN: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@stephanienap5: @realDonaldTrump why is your season so rushed???""” He's getting ready to campaign!""""""@MikeMarchese_: Monday night...who needs football when you have #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump #YourFired""""""@ShortCakesSheep: @katiekms53 @realDonaldTrump I would wanna work for him. I worked for GW Bush and would wanna work for Trump.""""""@DolliByron: @realDonaldTrump this is my favorite show!!!!""""""@djabs14: @realDonaldTrump Although I don't love Geraldo on #CelebrityApprentice, his charity is really needed &amp,I hope he wins! #LifesWORC""""""@monmk1: I met @LeezaGibbons at CHA. She's as amazing in person as she is on TV. Beautiful inside &amp, out! my pick #CelebApprentice""""@timelord55: @realDonaldTrump @OgreUasshole @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons I agree why less episodes. @nbc are fools""""""@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice. #CelebrityApprenticewinner2015""""""@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show! I'm a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.""""@irismorales67: @realDonaldTrump @ClayMKopplin I just hate when #CelebrityApprentice ends cuz IT TAKES SO LONG FOR A NEW SEASON!""""""@alexiskrystina: Love the #celebapprentice flashback! The winners are always the good people who DON'T play dirty. Donald keeps it #classy""""""@userback: @realDonaldTrump @realJoeMurray I would support you. I think you are very smart!"" Thank you.""""@JamesSchlosser: When does the next season start? @realDonaldTrump can't end something this good!""""""@TechSaleMDMsfdc:  @OgreUasshole @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons Donald looking to clean house &amp, run for president?""""""@nursemary33: @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox class act!!!!""""""@realJoeMurray:  #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president, Mr. Trump!""""""@livingcoastalsc: @MsVivicaFox is a class act! #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@j_maziarz: @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas glad he's back.""""@njoh1234: Great show! good time to replay past 'relationships' lol Hope Leeza wins! Would love to see NYC &amp, Trump Towers one day!""""""@ClayMKopplin: the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of @realDonaldTrump and I can't wait for the finale!""""""@OgreUasshole:  @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons I feel robbed out of 3 hours of CA with these 4 straight firings""""""@ebs366: @realDonaldTrump @stephanienap5 What's up cutting season so short. Very disappointing. Still a Great show but way to fast.""""""@j_maziarz: @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas should've made it farther😢😢"" He is terrific!""""@stylebrandco: @realDonaldTrump much respect for @MsVivicaFox tonight #CelebrityApprentice""""""@loislane72: Had a feeling it'd be @LeezaGibbons vs @GeraldoRivera! My $ is on Leeza!  PS I wanna fly on @realDonaldTrump's jet!!""""""@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump love the @ApprenticeNBC past fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!""""""@waynebaker056: @realDonaldTrump @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons love the show""""""@mamapattyw: @MsVivicaFox You were a Class Act @CelebApprentice When you told @realDonaldTrump that @LeezaGibbons deserved to be C.A.""""@VTDiva01: So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move I've ever seen on #CelebApprentice!""""""@MichmusM: Watching #CelebrityApprentice &amp, @MsVivicaFox is pure class!!!! 😊👍❤ @realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons""""""@agillogly: @realDonaldTrump thanks for bringing it down to @LeezaGibbons and @GeraldoRivera #readyforthethrowdown""""""@stephanienap5: @realDonaldTrump why is your season so rushed???""""""@originalholden: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I have been waiting all my life for this recap episode. #Feuds #Fails""""""@transit010: @realDonaldTrump ""Nobody out thinks me"" D.Trump #damn right! #great show""""""@warrencasselljr: @realDonaldTrump This show is pure genius! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@rosspelton: @realDonaldTrump Please bring @AnnieDuke back to the show. #Apprentice #Trump #Pokerplayer.""""""@_Maira26: @piersmorgan @realDonaldTrump @OMAROSA That was the best TV moment ever!""""""@KristineInDC: How can anyone watch #TheBachelor when Apprentice is on? I'm still reeling from @realDonaldTrump's multiple firing last week""""@phlygerl:  @RealityTVBliss @TEB2350 @KenyaMoore ""kinda""??? C'mon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!""""""@federicishane: The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait. @realDonaldTrump""""""@1SimranjitSingh: I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!""""""@aman19980: After watching this episode of Celebrity Apprentence no one can say anything about @realDonaldTrump #AmericanValues""""""@RealityTVBliss: Gary Busey was one of my absolute favorites on #CelebrityApprentice. He has a big ❤ @realDonaldTrump #Misunderstood""""""@CeeCorrine1: Loving this look back at the Best of #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC ❤️😃""""""@melissabxny: @realDonaldTrump where did you get your boardroom table? Need to purchase one that size"" Cute!""""@TEB2350: @RealityTVBliss @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump I kinda liked Kenya on CA""""@IovemyfamiIy: @KenyaMoore made @realDonaldTrump's Top 5 list of #CelebApprentice all time FAILS! 😂""""""@ConConBonBon7: @realDonaldTrump favorite fails is MY favorite! #CelebrityApprentice #Trump2016""""""@piersmorgan: 'The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice' - @realDonaldTrump on my victory over @OMAROSA #CelebrityApprentice""""@ShortCakesSheep: Yaaaaay @THEGaryBusey on #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump this is the best!""""""@annmcg01: DonaldTrump: Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice” Wouldn't miss it!""""""@frankadgpr: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Clearly, you are a master of marketing and business success.""""""@sassysexylove:  At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice"" I can't wait!""""""@justinraay: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! #Imeanit""""""@XKidd92:  @LeezaGibbons it's going to be very tough because @GeraldoRivera has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!"""At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprenticeDon’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice"""@manofsteel619: @realDonaldTrump please run and save us in 2016!!!!""""""@debraa27: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him""""@cdiprima69: Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational""""""@pcochenour562:  @XKidd92 @LeezaGibbons yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo he's a cunning one #snake one I would turn my back on""""""@beachhome1: DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won""""@Elginet: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Mr. Trump, next CeleApprentice needs to have Brian Williams please. #CelebrityApprentice""""@XKidd92: @realDonaldTrump definitely rooting for @LeezaGibbons- I think she deserves it the most.""""""@StaciAnn: @realDonaldTrump Go @LeezaGibbons . Classiest lady to ever grace the show :)""""""@Jconstantinides: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed this season! You've done it again!""""""@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump @mjv1975 Best reality show on television!#celebrityapprentice!""""@llhegarty_linda: @realDonaldTrump Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to ""Get in and Get it Done"" #trump2016 #leadership"""Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00."""@jumbeeboi89: @realDonaldTrump Donald, Run for president man, Seriously. Make it official.""""""@CDNRationale: @realDonaldTrump @Newsmax_Media @dpatten32 Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world, the USA!"""I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results."My father's 4 step formula for success: ""Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out."" -- Fred C. Trump"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin"""@EdgarCalderonMX @realDonaldTrump ""The Art of The Deal"", one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs"""Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein"""@JordanStasi  Mr. Trump, as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read?"" Start with Art of the Deal.""""@dcska: @realDonaldTrump@MDMSEO @ApprenticeNBC Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbert!! Can't wait to see ur hotel in DC!""""""@scottyboyhmfc: @realDonaldTrump @BBC a bit behind with apprentice UK but art gallery show was unreal great show sir""""""@SarahLynEllis: The Donald fired THREE people this past episode 😱 @realDonaldTrump that's why he's the best! #CelebrityApprentice"""Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up."""@WeLoveTheDonald @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  Such handsome men! Great pic!""  Thank you."Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S."""@Artanis5: @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump As usual Celebrity Apprentice never fails to entertain-Another great season-Cant wait for finale""""""@omoadesokan: ""What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction!"" -- Donald @realDonaldTrump #_WojuBeforeYouVote""""@Thameena10: @TODAYshow I'm saying.. @MsVivicaFox really laid down the smack last night!! 😂 had to pick up my jaw! #GhettoFabulous""""@monmk1: @JohnnyDamon @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC you were great!! Such a great team player!!!""""""@jessibee35: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for creating a real realitea! That actually helps charity! #donaldforpresident #classact""""@SNLstar: @realDonaldTrump I Loved ever minute! Never a dull moment on #CelebrityApprentice""""""@JulieMRoberts3: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump she was wonderful Melissa! Truly missed! Cherish your memories!❤️""""""@jazzjuicer: @realDonaldTrump @KeyWestBravo @IvankaTrump Mother's looks and dad's smarts: she'll go far.""  True.""""@MelRivers: @EricTrump @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Thank you for always treating her with love and respect""""""@tltiger26: @EricTrump @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump It was very touching to see her! Miss her dearly""""""@PresidentJMarsh: @realDonaldTrump are you going to be at @CPACnews this year? I can't wait to hear from you there!""""""@1970Rachael: @crazymamaa  @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump I'm mad @nbc rushed this season, they cheated the viewers/celebrities/sponsors""""""@catham11: @realDonaldTrump @mattgiese @KenyaMoore LOL I remember those episodes...priceless""""""@LatinaLadySnake: @CrisXtina7765 @realDonaldTrump @nbc yeah couldn't believe what just happened""""""@ThisIsBillG: West Coast, get ready! @realDonaldTrump truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight!  @ApprenticeNBC""""""@jimdesch23: @realDonaldTrump this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!""""""@YMcTier: Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired! @YMcTier Favorite Monday TV Show #LuvIt""""""@BoaterzLetterz: @IGotAngelEyes @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @JoanRivers There will never be anyone as #Funny I Bet""""""@KennySammartino: @realDonaldTrump @UU44M @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC Tonight's shows are fantastic! Love this season.""""""@LindaNTyler: Seeing @Joan_Rivers is so tough, but also so very special! Glad she was on this season. #Blessings to @MelRivers""""@UU44M: Just seeing @Joan_Rivers on the @ApprenticeNBC, makes me want to cry. @realDonaldTrump""""""@lisalee1917: #CelebrityApprentice LUV LUV LUV that @realDonaldTrump left the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!""""""@chef_riggy: .@realDonaldTrump glad to see Kenya go. Even gladder to see @Joan_Rivers again. #RIP Love you Joan!""""""@jonihubbard: ""@realDonaldTrump: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00."" It's been hilarious ! Good pick Mr Trump!""""""@SAP_GIRL: @RadioMelissa @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump @nbc That was insane.""""""@HoganSeaisle129: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump yay Joan Rivers is back #CelebApprentice #gonetoosoon""""""@KAMERAKEITH: @realDonaldTrump I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF POWER BUT BRINGING #JoanRivers BACK ... INCREDIBLE!!!""""""@sasha_seven: @realDonaldTrump great seeing Joan on todays @ApprenticeNBC""""""@KarileaKennedy7: I'm gonna cry its Joan Rivers @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice""""""@BoaterzLetterz: @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump MISSING @Joanrivers! less #Humor in life now!""""""@lanas05: @realDonaldTrump With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom, you could start a theatre company. #TheApprentice""""""@gmar916: #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump Nice to have this footage of Joan.""""""@MissyMacDD: ""Toxic Trick"" is my new favorite #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump Clearly @BrandiGlanville was right about @KenyaMoore""""""@HellBlazeRaiser: Did @KenyaMoore steal @MsVivicaFox's phone and Tweet about menopause? @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr""""@nancypa14679248: @realDonaldTrump @Shelly3177 @ApprenticeNBC love the drama""""""@Shelly3177: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC love this show and Donald!!! I hate drama..unless its not mine 😄""""""@fordmartin33: This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Can't wait for the boardroom !! @realDonaldTrump""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump Bravo!! Leader of vast inteligence!! Awesome TV, inspires, never gives a stale second!!!#Prez #Tump2016""""""@kara_jilly: Do you see how disgustingly disrespectful @KenyaMoore is to @MsVivicaFox?! &amp, yet she says she's nothing but nice to people?""""""@BetsyTabor: @realDonaldTrump watching Celebrity Apprentice right now! I love this show!!!""""""@VTDiva01: For the record I think @realDonaldTrump rocks and I would never boycott #CelebApprentice - the entire Trump family is amazing.""""""@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump this episode beats Pierce/omarosa and Joan / Annie Duke""""""@mattgiese: Get rid of @KenyaMoore already @realDonaldTrump. She's a bitch no matter who she's with. #CelebrityApprentice""""""@TheMartynHale: Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby! @KenyaMoore @IanZiering @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @GeraldoRivera""""""@mhaston15: @realDonaldTrump it will be if Kenya goes home. She is a ridiculous untalented egotist.""""""@Priece714: watching #CelebApprentice makes me ❤️ @realDonaldTrump even more""""""@liz0987: @realDonaldTrump Watching Celebrity Apprentice! I hope @BrandiGlanville wins!! Love her!""""""@terribondhughes: @realDonaldTrump I'm watching Mr. Trump! Now and every year past. LOVE IT ! And I'm a HUGE fan of u, Sir. 👍😊""  Thanks.""""@one4eternity: !!!!!!! RT @realDonaldTrump: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.""""""@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr another drama filled hour ! Cannot wait to see who is going home today.""""@tomtumillo: @realDonaldTrump i love that tie you are wearing. Presidential. #CelebrityApprentice"" MACY'S!""""@MattSarff23: It's Apprentice time @realDonaldTrump""""""@VeryRich_Bitch: Can't wait to see how #Phonegate plays out @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox #CelebApprentice""""""@xoamxo_13: “@realDonaldTrump: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.” Ready📺""""""@VTDiva01: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't fire Kenya tonight SOMEHOW I'm over this show. Come on Don, you're smart. Get rid of her.""""""@MattDempsey83: Can't wait to see #CelebrityApprentice tonight! @MsVivicaFox is my absolute favourite!!! @realDonaldTrump""""""@PharmStudents18: Next president of the United States of America. @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 you've got my vote.""""""@TVDiva_critic: @realDonaldTrump let's get it on baby!!! Celebrity apprentice its on!!!""""""@trudlun: @IanZiering @ApprenticeNBC @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump awesome. We all know your keepin it real.""""@LoiisLeto: @realDonaldTrump u are so nice on ur show! Xo""""""@coley716: It's a #CelebApprentice night!!!! Wonder who @realDonaldTrump will fire."""Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.Remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBCEntrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth."""@iadoreem @realDonaldTrump Great job on Tv this morning."" Thanks."Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!"""@AuthorKnox: @ApprenticeNBC Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl History @realDonaldTrump fire his ass!"""It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!"""@calenih71: @realDonaldTrump I am sick of Geraldo😁😁""""""@OH2BINAZ: @realDonaldTrump Kenya is a dirty thief! I hope she gets FIRED."""I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!"""@jgriffith615: @MikeSington @realDonaldTrump stayed there many times its #FABULOUS""""""@fpatterson1050: @lovusa4 @realDonaldTrump Salute to @realDonaldTrump ."" Thanks""""@lovusa4: @fpatterson1050 Kind Compassionate Heart! Proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have Dad's Heart!"" Thank you!""""@MunichEleven: Won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom.""""""@finndango: @ConcernedChick @Kateplusmy8  @KenyaMoore And now trying to rewrite herself as ""honest person"" who refused to do drama. Ha!""""""@cfarmer0608: If you run for president I would vote for you. This country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician.""""""@DaRealKhefner: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote 👋""""""@JsdEdge: With all due respect, Why are you bluffing about running for President? I would vote for you!! We need a game Changer!  WATCH!""""@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever""""""@Priece714: if @realDonaldTrump ran for president that would make me so happy""""""@catham11: @realDonaldTrump Congrats Trump it's a great location🏢🏫""""""@TdavisTonya: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor TRUMP FOR AMERICA!"""I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks."""@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait till #tweetgate #celebrityapprentice simply the best!""""""@Snowape_kitkat: @realDonaldTrump @Patti_Page @oreillyfactor voted""  Thanks.""""@russiannavyblog: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?""""""@XNVGX: @realDonaldTrump @islandxxgirl we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president 👍👌""""""@OgreUasshole: @oreillyfactor It's time for @realDonaldTrump .""""""@dcfoodsafety: @IanZiering @ApprenticeNBC  @realDonaldTrump wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode I can't wait!"""@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor"""@AndyKimKim: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016?"""Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry FordNow that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win!When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah, he’s right.I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiascoEveryone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp, they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!"""@VladimirRussia7  @realDonaldTrump You are the best #billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books!"" Thanks and good luck.""""@Chevy_Mama: @realDonaldTrump I'm obsessed with @celebrityapprenticeNBC. Honestly,  Mr Trump, you are very inspiring""""""@K9_Bellavia: @realDonaldTrump really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around.""""""@DylanC98: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the beautiful @TrumpDoral on live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!""""@tara_doner: @realDonaldTrump run for president!""""""@KangDedy_RI_1: @realDonaldTrump Donald, you are my best mentor to richest and successful"""Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!Entrepreneurs:  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies@JoeWMiller Thanks Joe!"""@rainbow74 @TheView I personally love @realDonaldTrump and really hope he runs for Prez! #CelebrityApprentice""  Thanks""""@MollyBozeman: I don't care what anyone says about him, I will always love @realDonaldTrump""  Nice!""""@HarryPlush: Think @realDonaldTrump would be a great President""""""@googie1262 @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.TVwith a social conscience.About time".@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!  @SarahPalinUSA.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!"""@pgatimmyd @nypost They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent.  EXACTLY what America needed to hear!""  Thanks."Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning."My parents:""Trust in God and be true to yourself."" -- Mary MacLeod Trump""Know everything you can about what you're doing.""  Fred C. Trump"Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!"""@Dadeque: @realDonaldTrump The grey sofa don't match, Sir... but It is just my taste."" I agree, but @IvankaTrump likes it - too bad.""""@seenontv66: When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote"" T""""@fantasticharris: @realDonaldTrump loves the @Patriots"""Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!"I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said ""bull."""Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00."""@willowfrantn: @realDonaldTrump I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you, but you weren't on! Missed you!"" Wednesday!""""@EyeOnPolitics: But, I loved seeing @IvankaTrump's brand on @RealDonaldTrump's show. Her shoes are my favorite. I have a closet full. Great""""@TAlcornVan: @realDonaldTrump Love #CelebrityApprentice and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for #president! #teamdonaldtrump! 😎👍""""""@HeaViLybrOkN: I want @LeezaGibbons to win @ApprenticeNBC! She's incredible! Such a professional! I dont think I've seen her stumble once!""""@MumzyIreland: @RealityTVBliss @1970Rachael @NixtheBlu @courtside I'd rather have @realDonaldTrump on my side than a few whiney housewives""""""@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 my idol @realDonaldTrump he's the motivation""".@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!"""@coverallpads: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC awesome show. I haven't missed 1 show from season 1 till now""  Great!""""@GeneLingerfelt: Country's been run by low I.Q. people for years. Why @SenTedCruz, @realDonaldTrump, amaze us when they speak."""Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNewsI am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc"""@ApprenticeNBC: By the way — you will NOT want to miss #Phonegate next week on #CelebApprentice. That's all we're gonna say.""""President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the ""massive"" storm."Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!"As usual, the ""storm of the century"" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!""""@antoknee71: @realDonaldTrump @ChannyEats Omarosa of this season, Kenya!!!""""""@antonio_pitocco: First time watching #CelebrityApprentice tonight. @realDonaldTrump plays no games!""""""@tinkerbell5999: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC I guess this is the first family""""@NBCVote: Awesome! @northwesternsig got $25k from @realDonaldTrump and $40k from @GeraldoRivera for @CoastGuardFound Charity wins!""""""@Jdoran1021: @realDonaldTrump next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!!"" It will be best EVER!""""@Gamiliell: @mrsowaters54 @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump @TheApprentice9 i think Ms Fox outclasses both of them #justamatteroftime ,)""""""@ChannyEats: @realDonaldTrump wrong decision but I understand why you did it #ratings""  Not really!""""@NatalieArdyss: @KenyaMoore don't get on @MsVivicaFox nerves you just join the team #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump kenya a troublemaker""""""@sbinteriordesi1: @realDonaldTrump - I love this show, been watching since it started years ago!👍""""""@Bravolebrity1: @realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera is like that bunny that keeps on ticking Just waiting for him to explode!! #CelebApprentice""""@one4eternity: !!!!!!! RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@BalkesGirl: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC this show ROCKS!!!!""""""""@RomyNYCity: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I want to be a business woman someday ! Love this show :)""""""@therightnewz: Video-- @realDonaldTrump to @greta : Jeb won't beat Hillary Clinton""""""@Bigdaddyjohnc: Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show.""""""@sammielicious4u: @BrandiGlanville oh and my apologies! How wonderful of @realDonaldTrump to give $25,000 to the CGuard. Amazing heart❤️""""@njmusicfun: @GovChristie Watching @realDonaldTrump on #celebrityapprentice""""""@Dustin_Sloane: Kate Gosselin is low key good at these tasks @Kateplusmy8 #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr President! I'm a big fan of your work mate and the show @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice""""""@Bchipper83: All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching #CelebApprentice! @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump""""""@jbrd77: @realDonaldTrump @anjOapariciO @MUniverso2015 that's the greatest smile EVER President Trump..""""""@realmissalusa: ""What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate."" @realDonaldTrump 👑✨""""""@YanksMayor: @JohnnyDamon IS @ApprenticeNBC so @realDonaldTrump PLEASE don't fire him! @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump #DamonKnowsWinning""""""@Pretty_Nikki21: @realDonaldTrump is trying to set @KenyaMoore up putting her in loser seats #CelebApprentice""""""@BalkesGirl: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC this show ROCKS!!!!""""""@Patti_Page: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind."" Thanks""""@KeirAlley: @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Overall this is the best dressed cast ever! 👗👔👚👢 #rhoa""""""@aenochs64: @ApprenticeNBC @Kateplusmy8 @realDonaldTrump great job supporting Sig and those bartenders :) beautiful and classy!!""""""@KenyaMoore: “@Mr_Noguez: Trump recognized Kenya's effort #CelebApprentice that's good @KenyaMoore” @realDonaldTrump thank u!""""""@sprinkler22: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump I LOVE DONALD TRUMP....COAST GUARD -YES!!""""""@kariganfam: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Wonderful!!""""""@JerWaldorf: ""@LauraRHONC: Dear Mr. @realDonaldTrump, Please Fire Geraldo's Ass! Sincerely, All #CelebrityApprentice Viewers"" I second this""""@joeracccc17: Watching @ApprenticeNBC! The Trump Family so classy and smart, great people  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr""""""@LucianaLamb: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Nice of you to ask @realDonaldTrump to help the Coast Guard.👍""""""@MsGiantsFan: @CoastGuardFound @AngelGirl722 @realDonaldTrump Great to hear!""""""@CoastGuardFound: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump We couldn't agree more. Truly amazing!""""""@amyketterer: @BrandiGlanville so sweet asking @realDonaldTrump to give the US Coast Guard money too!!""""""@blazaruk: ""RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it?"" I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016""""""@Chris_R_2014: @GeraldoRivera I'm with @realDonaldTrump , The new WTC is not grand. It should've been much, much more grand.""""""@auggerdogger: ""Screw the terrorists"" @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC #TheApprentice""""""@tomtumillo: What is worse, Geraldo screaming 'screw the terrorists' or Kenya feeling she's 'fabulous'? #CelebrityApprentice""""@ugakasie: “@greta: .@realDonaldTrump: I am sorry but @MittRomney choked - he doesn't get a second chance @GOP @FoxNews” Amen!""""""@hoban36:  Sig &amp, Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trump's St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman.""""""@03SLex: @realDonaldTrump is my role model on everything.🙌""""""@kellyizthebest: @realDonaldTrump ❤️ @ApprenticeNBC Just when you think it can't get any better.. It does!!""""""@ChandlerHolgate: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump but the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.""""@maverickmidday: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo has lost his mind. Fire him please! #CelebApprentice""""""@512poolman: @realDonaldTrump @GeraldoRivera drives me CRAZY !!!!!! Can't stand him please fire him ASAP!!!!""""""@CRENpolitics: Geraldo and Sig are a disaster on this boat tour @realDonaldTrump""""""@raysprings82: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Geraldo makes me laugh, I love him""""""@DJMIKEOL: @realDonaldTrump @one4eternity @jsager84 @IanZiering @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Run Donald Trump run. Run for POTUS.""""@DJMIKEOL: @realDonaldTrump @jsager84 @IanZiering @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC fellow conservatives. I would just tell Donald to run""""""@_Ylvette: Woooow! Was I wrong?? Was @realDonaldTrump talking about Sig when he said vicious? #whatjusthappened #celebrityapprentice""""""@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump the hooters cruise is a bust literally""""""@RealityTVBliss: If I was ever on #CelebrityApprentice, then I would want to be on the team with @IanZiering. #GivesHisAll @realDonaldTrump""""@NatashaOwnfan:  @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump yes Rockettes, broadway, and those celebrities there have themselves as props HELLO?""""""@Louisiana_BBW: @tborio @realDonaldTrump That's what I said too. That's something everyone knows about NYC and it's a huge celebration.""""""@one4eternity: RT @jsager84: @IanZiering has done great, why not listen to him again! SMH! @one4eternity @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC""""@NatashaOwnfan: @TheCubicleChick @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Each celeb could pose for photos, they can become the theme""""""@ayeshakfaines: No one did a Broadway theme?! Waiters in top hats &amp, tails, dancers, ""Kiss Me Kate"" cocktails...  #CelebrityApprentice""""""@RealityTVBliss: @GeraldoRivera brings great entertainment to #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump"""Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!"""@nglandon: @realDonaldTrump I just saw you talking with @greta. Trump for Prez! I know you can get these clowns in line. You've got my vote""""@ff7429b1dbb84b6: @realDonaldTrump @onesoldiersmom Donald you have to really try this time .We need you're skills""""""@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump If this country is still existing with Obama in charge, then imagine if Trump was prez! It would be awesome.""""""@OwnageGiraffe:I was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. You're absolutely right about Mitt &amp, Jeb #Donald4Pres""""""@sethhenry78: @realDonaldTrump I saw you in Des Moines and now I can't wait for celebrity apprentice to start.""""""@AlexCsi: I hope I don't miss @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice @CelebApprentice due to news coverage of #Snowmageddon2015""""""@lcolosimo61: @greta @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney @GOP @FoxNews rhetoric, he would have become our next president.""""""@TinPotDickTator: DonaldTrump: Just imagine being sworn in Jan '17 &amp, as you bring your right hand down point at Barack &amp, say ""YOU'RE FIRED!""""@SportingBecky: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #CelebrityApprentice tonight @IvankaTrump @IanZiering""""""@onesoldiersmom:I can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA""""@jonahkeri: @realDonaldTrump YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump, you truly are the king of kings.""""""@JerryLingle: .@_CFJ_ @BossHoggUSMC @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @GOP Save our nation, Tell the GOP Leadership(?!) to shut up and go home..."""Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.Where the hell is global warming when you need it?Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!"""@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.""""@bgoudyGCC: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews  Can't wait to see #SleepyEyes on the next #CelebrityApprentice. Oh wait, he would have to be a celeb""""@tarheels31: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews outside of the apprentice, hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka @nbc""""""@GriffinTimothy: @realDonaldTrump I bet ur great in bed""  True!"Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!"""@marino_joanna: DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office""""@TinyPurpleFishs: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Oh yeah, and another thing, we NEED you to run! Save America before it's too late.""""""@zoukit1: @realDonaldTrump I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.""""@JaniceSaulnier1: Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas, so far TRUMP is the easy winner... BY FAR in every way Wow! @realDonaldTrump""""@markmoran_mn: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers""""@JayhawkRunner: Good work @RoccoMediate shooting -5 today in the @ChampionsTour event in Hawaii , sporting the @realDonaldTrump hat.""""@mongo_ebooks: Please don't wuss out of running for President  @realDonaldTrump""""""@Elginet: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Do it PLEASE!""""""@AnitaMarkdjones: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews I wish you would , love to hear, you fired to them in Washington, D.C.""""""@KFRGHeather: Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didn't know @realDonaldTrump was on it! Love The Donald!""""""@jcthecook: @realDonaldTrump @MissUniverse hopefully europe will finally have a winner it's only been since 1990.""""""@TaneRollins:  U NEED to run against Romney/Bush. You know infinitely more about economics. But you must publicly criticize them #GOP""""""@laffranchini: @BamarshallA @politico @realDonaldTrump he is right neither Bush or Romney should run. We need someone who is not a wimp""""""@jackselo: The best phrase @realDonaldTrump has ever said? ""We don't need another Bush"" Well said!""""""@Mr_Babble: ""@brandeenscott21: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs we sure could use someone who cares about America""""""""@maguvera: @realDonaldTrump I'm so glad your show @ApprenticeNBC in @nbc will be extended 4 two hours.. I enjoy it !!!!! #great show""""""@mensamamma: @realDonaldTrump RUN DONALD,RUN!""""""@good_vibration7: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you""""""@mensamamma:  Yes, My simple campaign slogan,which embodies your supporters' feelings ""RUN DONALD,RUN!"" Please Run Mr. Trump!!!!""""""@mensamamma: YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE, Please Mr.Trump, RUN!""""""@yorkieartist: @Chris_1791 @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions/he, @SenTedCruz were best"""Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp, congrats to @David_Bossie &amp, @Citizens_United on a great success!"""@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B, Brady and Kraft!""""@dcfoodsafety:  @nbc @ApprenticeNBC that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on TV actually do that!""""""@Sam_Rellim: If Trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics""""""@brandeenscott21: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs trump 2016 you have my vote""""""@DawnLACA: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs Wishing Trump was the Pres.""""""@vetteman88: @realDonaldTrump @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs we sure could use someone who cares about America"""You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albert EinsteinJust been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live."""@Bunyolan: @realDonaldTrump Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be #USA #THAILAND #COLUMBIA #SPAIN #JAMAICA #MissUniverse""""""@Stickmissosolog: @realDonaldTrump the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be #Usa and #Colombia""""""@josealfredotel1: @realDonaldTrump I think the best are, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, Dominican Rep. Canada, Colombia""""@DShimogawa: When I grow up I want to be just like @realDonaldTrump!"" Thanks.""""@Sal_lyann: @realDonaldTrump @LandExpo no wonder you are smiling""""""@RafmyMillan: Thanks @realDonaldTrump for your tips on entrepreneurship,it encouraged me to open a new chess sports club at Uni! #MyPassion""""@BigShowFarm: Donald Trump on @bigshowfarm, he'll be at @LandExpo tomorrow""""""@agtradertalk: Going to go see @realDonaldTrump at the @LandExpo tomorrow, last year it was @TBoonePickems"" Totally sold out, great.""""@LuvCanes: Caught up on @CelebApprentice over the last two nights. @realDonaldTrump You've done it again! Awesome!""""""@Ethiopiawi: I love @realDonaldTrump personality"""Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens, you're responsible.Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?Just watched @Patriots Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smart, concise, truthful!Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T. S. EliotThe secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark TwainCongress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!"""@Missey5Mae: I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win, he will name @realDonaldTrump as the chief trade negotiator.""""""@catham11: @realDonaldTrump @DallasVercillo Trump has SWAG 😘😘😘""""""@Cheflucky23: You have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!😉""""""@PamplinFilmCo: @realDonaldTrump When Trump is president do you think he'll televise cabinet meetings &amp, fire someone each week?""""""@pwrussell95: @realDonaldTrump should've been you making that speech tonight #SOTU2015"" I agree!""""@resilienceisme: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas?""  Beautiful and nice!""""@gamoffour: @realDonaldTrump @SassyPantsjj Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!""""""@Lord_Sugar: Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting @IanJamesPoulter"" Yes, call me!""""@SassyPantsjj: SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over, it's WAY too short this season, realize there's 2 episodes BUT want MORE""""""@Nancy_Miracle:  I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. ""President Trump""....i'm ready for it!!!""""""@BullAlyssa: @realDonaldTrump ... Your tweets are always epic!! 😂""""""@jmontgomery1965: Please save us from this BS in DC, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!""""""@jackgulas: @realDonaldTrump @fitsnews agree with Mr. Trump for @GOP nominee to win in 2016. Can't be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.""""""@JayLefkowitz: @Dewarsplz  @fitsnews @SenTedCruz Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.""""""@957thegame: What's more intimidating, Mariano Rivera's cutter, or getting fired by Donald Trump? Johnny Damon says it's Trump. @Apprentice""""@thetomzone: Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. #foxnewsfacts""""""@delans: ""Trump Tower is not a building, it is an event!"" - Donald Trump""""""@DallasVercillo: Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump #facts"" Great."Tonight on @ExtraTV, I’m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!"""@DShimogawa: Another great #celebrityapprenctice #CelebApprentice tonight! @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @nbc @Nordstrom""""@theoneguyandrew: It's such a bitter sweet emotional time seeing @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9 @ApprenticeNBC.Thank you for airing this!""""""@JayLefkowitz: @realDonaldTrump @fitsnews Agreed! Romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat Hillary. We need Trump!""""""@catham11: @EW @realDonaldTrump you were my inspiration to go for my B.S. in marketing😄😄😄""""""@catham11: @EW Love this man!!! @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks.""""@MelRivers: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Thank you for all of your kindness and support. My mother loved you all."" LOVE!""""@DJ4Corners: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to the next episode..""""""@MyNamesJae: I love @realDonaldTrump. He cracks me up. #CelebApprentice""""""@iammetx: Love @realDonaldTrump comment about what @KenyaMoore said about LR. LMAO!!!@BrandiGlanville #CelebApprentice #teambrandi""""""@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 @realDonaldTrump him and Sailor Jerry""""""@MWypa18: @realDonaldTrump love Leeza, she's amazing tonight""""""@ChrissyCmc: @realDonaldTrump I am Loving @BrandiGlanville on the show :) :) she is my favorite. #ApprenticeNBC""""""@brizzzzzle: Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers ☹ @joanrivers @realDonaldTrump""""""@OrianaUK: @realDonaldTrump my daughter n I watching #CelebApprentice very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman, love the boardroom.""""@MightyWhimpFarm: @realDonaldTrump It is so unbelievably nice to see @Joan_Rivers on the @TheApprentice9! #CelebApprentice""""""@MissCongress: @realdonaldtrump and @ivankatrump are my favorite people on TV. #CelebApprentice""  Thanks.""""@melchaz23: @realDonaldTrump you are so genuine with Joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was.""""""@Eryn3043: It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen, truly miss her 💜 Thank you DonaldTrump. I love watching The Apprentice""""@Sattendoll: @realDonaldTrump - I do not understand how are they still in business.""  H &amp, R Block is terrible!""""@jerrimoore: @realDonaldTrump awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more #icon""""""@JasonPruett1:  What a true entrepreneur! Celebrity Apprentice creates great leaders, which offers successful tools along this journey!""""""@AmandaGeorge22: @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!""""""@lirpa_mc: @realDonaldTrump Loved seeing Joan Rivers tonight! And @IvankaTrump is such a classy, amazing woman. You should be proud!""""""@J_ennaLeigh: Everything @realDonaldTrump touched turns to gold #takenotes @ApprenticeNBC""""""@susieqlaw: @realDonaldTrump great PM choices! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@OrianaUK: u r amazing, students and business's learn so much through ur program it's very inspiring as well as entertaining. Thank u!""""""@stacygalore: I think I'm getting addicted to @realDonaldTrump power and his voice. #CelebrityApprentice #yourfired""""""@Nikk1985: @IvankaTrump you have such amazing style and a strong role-model @realDonaldTrump should be proud""""""@phillynutt68: My only Question to @realDonaldTrump how do you handle all these Celebs? Crazy! My hats off to you!""""""@welolawants: 💔😔Bittersweet to see the very missed &amp, very talented @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9. @realDonaldTrump""""""@lolabeauty33: @realDonaldTrump I love watching the two episodes in one! #CelebApprentice""""""@NatashaOwnfan: @ShawnJohnson @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump You have accomplished so much this young, you have a huge road ahead""""""@BeetaBenjy: I really, genuinely love @realDonaldTrump. A man of reason."""New episode starting now!"""@tmadsen32: No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@DJ4Corners: @realDonaldTrump You were awesome!""""""@Allstars_S2: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice You did a good job Ivanka. Great show!""""""@JamieLee2B: @realDonaldTrump so nice to see One last look at Ms. Joan Rivers on #CelebrityApprentice""""""@IGotAngelEyes: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice Awesome""""""@marybrittles:  Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on #TheApprentice for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers.""""""@CarolinasToday: @realDonaldTrump do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom?""  Not often!""""@IvankaTrump: Btw this is a @CelebApprentice first–I announced the project winner! @realDonaldTrump how did I do?"" Great!""""@GabbardJodi: @realDonaldTrump @Tamster613 @ApprenticeNBC would not miss it for anything.""""""@burgundylue: I am enjoying watching Joan Rivers on @ApprenticeNBC thanks @realDonaldTrump for inviting her #CelebrityApprentice""""""@Capital_Golf: @realDonaldTrump my 10 yr old daughter watches #CelebrityApprentice over Disney Channel. #lovestowin #willlovetheshoes""""""@sabrinabrierowe: @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump Rushed home to watch my FAVORITE show #CelebApprentice ..... @TuLa2Nails""""""@TheStangShow: @realDonaldTrump you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks"" Thanks.""""@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Joan_Rivers beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka""""@Madisonbb11: @realDonaldTrump The theme song NEVER gets old. #CelebrityApprentice""""""@Dm1one: Not feeling well today, but I must take the time 4 #CelebrityApprentice &amp, #JoanRivers #CelebApprentice Great Season!""""@NatashaOwnfan: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC tick tock it's here, love this show""""""@Tamster613: Who is watching @ApprenticeNBC with me? #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@keithwmcandrew: It's going to be an emotional @ApprenticeNBC tonight with @Joan_Rivers final TV appearance. #CelebApprentice""""@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for tonight's show. #TrumpForPresident""""""@AdiScurtu: Time for my weekly fix of #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump Always look forward to Monday nights! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@RealityTVBliss: Tune into #CelebrityApprentice at 8 PM EST on #NBC with the beautiful &amp, smart @KenyaMoore @realDonaldTrump""""""@JFoxy: @BabcocksFlyHair @realDonaldTrump do not listen don you are great and should be presidant"" Thanks.""""@ShortCakesSheep: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait!!!""""""@abbydNYC: “@realDonaldTrump: The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!"Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!"""@vivianbrown21:Can't WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/""JOAN RIVERS""!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! ♡JOAN#RIVERS !""".@foxandfriends  in five minutes!The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!"""@stkhlder3: @BrandiGlanville awww looks like such fun! #TeamBrandi I'm loving ya on @ApprenticeNBC !! Good job @realDonaldTrump""""@SritaColombia: Do you think that #MissUniverse is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE @realDonaldTrump""""""@AllieKAT129: @realDonaldTrump I don't know what you do but your doing it right.""""""@notTeridax: hey @realDonaldTrump you'd be the best president ever if you ran, right now you're hotter than ever!""""@Desify: @realDonaldTrump @notTeridax @AlphaQuintesson You got tweeted by D Trump? Ur a legend..""""""@AHataas: @realDonaldTrump @Tigre_Hoy @MissUniverse Go Miss Philippines!!""""""@Mr_Babble: ""@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love @ApprenticeNBC.""""""""@pjleger: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!""""""@MuaRia_: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown. 💃👑"""Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!"""@BJKizer74:DonaldTrump Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul? #YourTimeIsNow""""""@uf9606084212012: @realDonaldTrump please save us run #savior got my vote""""""@caejh: Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. It's the weekend""""""@JordanWells119: I forgot how much I love #TheApprentice and Trump, so glad I'm watching this season! All hail king @realDonaldTrump""""""@Rick74467:  @DonaleeCurtis @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice is only reality show that's interesting to me! Plus it's for charity.""""""@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love @ApprenticeNBC.""""""@JasonPruett1: @realDonaldTrump Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice! #yourfired #trumprocks""""""@dpc1975: I will never get a reply but @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. #TCA15 is the best show on tv right now.""""""@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star!"" Thanks.""""@YankeeRunnerLV:  God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Monday's @ApprenticeNBC""""@engy20: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump!"" Thanks."The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00"""@NatashaOwnfan:  @MissUniverse @TrumpDoral @KylePorterCBS @CBSSports Donald, you have such a huge heart, love everything Trump""""""@Bernardv777: I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit Mr.President!""""""@gcolangelo68: @realDonaldTrump its unbelievable lately poor Atlantic City"" True, very sad, but I left years ago.""""@CaptainNormal: @realDonaldTrump Don't run for President! You'll win and I won't get to watch Celebrity Apprentice for four whole years!""""""@codematic: @realDonaldTrump @buffyG6820@HouseGOP @EPN Dont get me wrong, Mr. Trump is awesome, but where is he on our rights 1st, 2nd, 4th""""@funton08: @realDonaldTrump @VenueMagazine_ @TrumpDoral That is beautiful""""""@unique4x: @realDonaldTrump run already dude!""""""@seandoncito: “@B_Cavaliere: Donald Trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!! @realDonaldTrump""""@DanielCClarke: @realDonaldTrump would love to play that golf course some day!!"" TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL""""@natswish: @realDonaldTrump The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you!""  I agree, thanks.""""@KentBulle: Heading to @realDonaldTrump Trump International in West Palm for a match with @MarkSilvers3 @gene_sauers and Mike Goodes."Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did."""@smileygirl2328: @IanZiering love u on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@ahansen20: @realDonaldTrump Trump National Doral = Beatiful, amazing, &amp, #BestShowersEver...and Gary Players pics in my room doesn't hurt!""""""@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump for president! Only vote worth casting!""""""@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the #CelebrityApprentice  @realDonaldTrump""""""@KimJongSean: @realDonaldTrump this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election, would love to see you on the ballot!""""""@robspardello:  @Leodolphin3 @gillibean8514 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @KenyaMoore @GeraldoRivera can't wait till apprentice !!!""""""@MaddyMcnabb: Love when @realDonaldTrump gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! It's a great motivator😊"" Thanks.""""@JanetSpencer15: @realDonaldTrump excited you will be in Myrtle Beach this weekend."" See you there!""""@elsalopes53:  It would be really great to invite Ximena Navarrete as a surprise guest to next MUshow. We love her and we miss her!!""""""@Leodolphin3:  @gillibean8514 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc I hope @KenyaMoore or @GeraldoRivera win. They are fun to watch.""""@flipper3964: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump You look amazing!"" Thank you.""""@melissabxny: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open"" Will be great.""""@gregg7493: Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice"""If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!"Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the ""satirical"" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!""""@JaayZen: @seanhannity Sean, I've been begging him, but will need someone with clout. Ask Donald Trump to run.""""@gillibean8514: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump your awesome I hope you win brandi.""""""@tonymcman: @realDonaldTrump president donald j trump sounds great,but what do you think Mr trump?""""""@eliastahan: @realDonaldTrump 2016""""""@bensardella: All class on #CelebApprentice by @terrellowens - good job TO! cc @realDonaldTrump""""""@jdm_jennifer: @realDonaldTrump wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.""""""@Inception_E: “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.”""""@Katebug7777777:  @IvankaTrump Enjoying this season of @CelebApprentice Thank you for your intelligent, powerful, common sense approach""""@TheDeckerFiles: @realDonaldTrump people are talking about you running for the prez.""""@AlexMayMcGregor: Watching #CelebApprentice and I think @IanZiering is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice.""""@Katebug7777777: @realDonaldTrump I know it makes for an exciting show on @CelebApprentice, but I still wish more had integrity &amp, patience""""@fanfareman: DonaldTrump Sir so enjoyed Appren tonight tears in eyes for Terrell Shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold""""@mrkblds: @northwesternsig @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sig's just layin in the cut, sizin em up, &amp, lettin his pots soak! All bizz! GOOOO HAWKS!!""""""@misnsomething:Donald was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $300,000.00 #CelebApprentice""""""@LADillard4: @IanZiering was incredible tonight on #CelebApprentice ! @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump""""""@KenyaMoore:I don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged by @IvankaTrump and @Donald Jr""""@mrzmazz: #CelebApprentice Why do we have to see @GeraldoRivera with out his shirt? @realDonaldTrump please stop this from happening.""""""@norahs1967: @realDonaldTrump please please please run for president!!!""""""@arezo_ra: @GeraldoRivera your my #favorite on #TheApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@wendimac27: @realDonaldTrump My husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say ""you're fired"" #CelebApprentice.""""@Shipwreck2014: @realDonaldTrump for president, I cant wait for next Monday to watch @TheApprentice9""""""@jenlynette: @realDonaldTrump what an awesome night! #CelebApprentice"""#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!#CelebApprentice who do you think won?#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!“@HoganSeaisle129: @realDonaldTrump who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens!#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.Let's go! #CelebApprentice#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET."""@spooh_news: @realDonaldTrump if you decide to run, I volunteer to run your Southwest VA campaign""""""@gcjaramillo1: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!""""""@jlow: Monday mornings are twice as hard when I don't have @foxandfriends AND Donald to listen to. Thanks @dish for taking away my FOX! 😡""""""@De__deVries: @realDonaldTrump heading to #Miami to watch the @MissUniverse all the way from Australia !!! can't wait 😘""""""@mattygeorge: #CelebApprentice is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama, so good raising $$ for charity""""""@SnoBurd: Here's an idea: Why don't DonaldTrump and @MittRomney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?"" No thanks!""""@AmandaJ1981: Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne, Australia! It's Boardroom time!! Love this show!!"""Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!"""@jhspraggins: @herself311 @GeraldoRivera's ego is outta control! I believe he's trying to upstage Trump, but that will never happen.""""""@nancynaigle: RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@jhspraggins: @realDonaldTrump please fire @GeraldoRivera soon! ...""""""@STERLINGMHOLMES: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait to hear you on @foxandfriends on @FoxNews this morning. #CommonSenseMan""""""@Kolie_Yola: I do like @realDonaldTrump!"" Thank you.""""@RealPro4Real: @IvankaTrump @JoFroggatt #DowntonAbbey is just awful... too British :-( I prefer @ApprenticeNBC with @realDonaldTrump""""""@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump Anxious for another 2 hrs. of @ApprenticeNBC tonight."Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!"""@TJoanides: @realDonaldTrump I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week! #BingeViewer"" Sorry!""""@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP 2016 !!!"""Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"""@danielprofit: @jskrepak @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3""""""@RyanJacob56: @realDonaldTrump run for president please""""""@CunninghamNY: Im on board for a @realDonaldTrump presidency! The man knows what he's talking about!"""Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00."""@mareegrandy: @realDonaldTrump No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ..."""Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!"""@The_Life_Of_DG: @realDonaldTrump you know how to lead! That's what the people need!!""""""@bpeazy42: @realDonaldTrump make $ while others sleep!""""""@rmutt_17: @realDonaldTrump = A great man."" Thanks.""""@danhalen: DonaldTrump great job on Letterman last night! Great points on healthcare and our national debt! Thank you for bringing that up""""""@skinner5569: @piersmorgan @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @MarkBurnettTV Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?""""""@mills0210: @terrellowens what the celebrity apprentice &amp, as a Cowboy fan, I'm rooting for u!!! 💕 @realDonaldTrump""""""@Kleptocratia: @realDonaldTrump @scooper1949P me too, Donald Trump for President!""""""@hidej491: @realdonaldtrump WIth us you are No.1""""""@cpetelis: @realDonaldTrump I have been hearing Mitt Romney might run. He doesn't know nothing. You do."" He had his chance and he blew it!"The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?"""@diamondd_keefy: @realDonaldTrump should be president!!! #Presidenttrump""""""@jewmoney5280: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of #CelebrityApprentice""""""@run: Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self &amp, family when life is directly threatened?""""@LTaustin_: #CelebrityApprentice is my favorite reality show right now 🎬💰 S/O @realDonaldTrump""""""@DexterTeebow: @realDonaldTrump : U R spot-on, however, ""Fools reject and even rage at truths."" King Solomon."""Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford"""@Carastarey: So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show. @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC""""""@scooper1949P: Hello Mr. Trump. I am very proud of you for saying what you said about ""Guns in Paris"". I hope you become President.""""""@erikmthompson: I just don't want #DonaldTrump to run for president because that would mean no more #TheApprentice  Donald Trumps Letterman""""@_Snurk: We need @realDonaldTrump to save the day! We're not worryin' at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!""""""@ZachAdkinsZ: @realDonaldTrump You should totally run for president. I don't think Hillary has what it takes.""""""@HargraveGlobal: I really hope @realDonaldTrump is running for president.""""""@macaronipizzaa: @realDonaldTrump would make everything better if he ran for president lol"" I agree.""""@JamieScoins: Would you approve of Martin @ Scorsese or Francis Ford Coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? Would be fascinating!""""""@toby_boyer: @realDonaldTrump we need you to save our country! #runforprez""""""@mrgardner81: @realDonaldTrump on letterman.. #classic""""""@d_bunzz: @realDonaldTrump The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman #VoteRed #2016""""""@mikeyjacques: @realDonaldTrump is a BAD A$$, I could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life.""""""@JackiieG: Why isn't @realDonaldTrump president yet #2016 is your year""""""@_castoz: @realDonaldTrump should be president of the united states""""""@jjeffries33: @realDonaldTrump hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on Letterman! #trump2016""""""@cwbyfn12: @realDonaldTrump you really need to run for president. Our country needs a leader like you!""""""@Brad_Carley: @realDonaldTrump Awesome Job on Letterman, great interview!""""""@BIGDADDY441: @realDonaldTrump run for president so that Hillary don't win. Please?""""""@coxsam5: I swear @realDonaldTrump is my ideal. I just wanna be successful""""""@gpadilla0724: .@realDonaldTrump should definitely run for president in 2016! What a true American""""""@MarkWeinzierl: Love that @realDonaldTrump is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the #2ndamendment!""""""@twojjrs: “@realDonaldTrump: ""@JuliaKoinis: @realDonaldTrump tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald""” He Should be #President""""""@Dapp4: @realDonaldTrump Man I love you! #TheDonaldForPres.""""""@ConConBonBon7: @realDonaldTrump saw u on Letterman, always a treat! #Trump2016 #Trump4President""""""@RositaLacruz: I love you @realDonaldTrump I love yours books ♡♡♡ resgards from Venezuela!!!!""""""@yolandpop:  ""@sassysexylove: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@tiyah_valentina: #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time."""" ABSOLUTELY!""""""@MoneGuapboi716: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@LikeFineWine63: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK and I 💗u!""""""""""@sassysexylove:  ""@AdamAngus15: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show"" Great."" My mom&amp,I watch together! #Bonding""""""@city1star: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Letterman. You're absolutely correct about healthcare it's horrible &amp, not working.""""""@b0923ef3dd5d46c Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people.....""""""@allteamscards: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on #Letterman. Yes, we r going to miss him!""""""@daxdav21: Say what you will about @realDonaldTrump, the man is not only a business &amp, political expert, but he truly loves his country!""""@JuliaKoinis: @realDonaldTrump tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald""""""@marinafey: @ximenaNR @realDonaldTrump both of you are role models""""""@MrsMikeHoover: @realDonaldTrump watching @The_lateshow I'm thinking #DonaldTrump for president 🙏🙏🙏 please run I'll vote 👍🇺🇸""""""@HeelsGunner: Watched @realDonaldTrump on The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics, we need more of that in this country!""""""@RayPlaca: @realDonaldTrump watching you now. Great tv""""""@XimenaFansNR: @ximenaNR @realDonaldTrump Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she 💗""""""@BenjamineEm: @realDonaldTrump's views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on @Letterman is spot on.""""""@sassysexylove: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@tiyah_valentina: #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time."""" ABSOLUTELY! Wish it was on more!""""""@ClarkRogers123: @realDonaldTrump tellen it like it is such a Genius!!!!""""""@tiyah_valentina: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time.""""""@LikeFineWine63: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK and I 💗u!""""""@jenlynette: @realDonaldTrump @lordmackie1 great show this season #CelebrityApprentice""""""@KevWeezy5: @realDonaldTrump = my personal hero""""""@AdamAngus15: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show"" Great.""""@StacyRippy: @realDonaldTrump Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! #2a BUT THEY DON'T""""""@lordmackie1: @realDonaldTrump just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU""""""@Nnogemane: @realdonaldtrump just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!!"" Thanks.""""@Christ_Step: @realDonaldTrump 2016 better be the year, first year I'll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office.".@ximenaNR  Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!"""@DuttyVal202: “@realDonaldTrump: It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!”""""@FrobBedrickson: @realDonaldTrump love the #CelebrityApprentice! Absolutely 100% gold!"""You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!Fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.“But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - @DalaiLamaI will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShowYou have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston ChurchillIt's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!"""@JustSoldCom: Finally a real American running America!! @realDonaldTrump""""""@TristanDixon17: I always said I'd never vote but if @realDonaldTrump runs for president than he's got mine #trump2016""""""@alli_dukes: I'd love to see @realDonaldTrump run in 2016""""""@salvatorenasca: @realDonaldTrump A real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep. #TRUMP2016 #Work&amp,Progress""""""@HGswiney: I want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around @realDonaldTrump. #Trump16""""""@SparkleAWin: Besides U, I think @IvankaTrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman President. Very business savy like her dad""""""@awildpiglet: @realDonaldTrump we need you in that office!! #Trump16 !!""""""@sassysexylove: ""@realDonaldTrump: Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country."" Exactly right! #trump2016""""""@prowland11: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! #Trump16""""""@Jake_Wiley12: #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 @realDonaldTrump""""""@kencee11: We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American, one with the same values that built this country.. GO TRUMP 2016 !""""""@chrispalmer: @realDonaldTrump Trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president, I hope""""""@mustafa_nadia:  @BNicehouse I agree! What America needs right now isn't a politician, but a businessman who can run America effectively.""""""@Daniel_Stephan_: @realDonaldTrump We need you in the white house, Donald. Somebody's gotta get this country back on track! #Trump2016""""""@willfitz94: @realDonaldTrump #trump2016 or bust""""""@MARYlaand_: @realDonaldTrump why aren't you running for president? I'm not even a republican but I'd still vote for you""""""@salomey5: LOL RT @realDonaldTrump: ""@DEmeryTaylor: @realDonaldTrump The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!""""""""@JACK_CITY_ @realDonaldTrump Looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.#Trump2016""""@themattgrissom: @realDonaldTrump That's why someone not in politics needs to run for president. I think you know a guy.""""""@eflaves: @realDonaldTrump motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot 😅""""""@jackievandyck: @realDonaldTrump I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope you're on the ballot""""""@Bennn_G: @realDonaldTrump you need to show them how it's done, run for office""""""@BNicehouse: @realDonaldTrump we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! #trump2016""""""@CazeauHue: @realDonaldTrump @JoshuaDummer you'll be the best president for USA""""""@BNicehouse: @realDonaldTrump GET THIS LUNATIC OUT OF OFFICE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!""""""@kim_ann1: @realDonaldTrump @JoshuaDummer I'll vote Donald 👍👍👍👍""""""@DEmeryTaylor: @realDonaldTrump The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!""""""@YankeeRunnerLV:Please Please Please give STRONG AND SERIOUS consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. U have my vote #Trump16""""@Erniefan4life: @realDonaldTrump right on man. Run for president &amp, fix it.""""""@MONEYmakingSHOE: @realDonaldTrump run for president.""""""@JoshuaDummer: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President."""Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country.Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!"Almost no news organizations are showing the ""satirical"" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!""""@japple8686: @My3Alexandra @realDonaldTrump cop was unarmed watch the news""""""@VinDaniels: @GlennNights @realDonaldTrump He is correct. France has harsh gun laws. Terrorists were carrying AK47."""I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford"""@AnAustrian: @realDonaldTrump @paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.""""@BHANKS26: @realDonaldTrump kevin jonas was the man on #CelebrityApprentice I would love to see him come back on!"" He will.""""@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump they hate you cuz they ain't you #trump2016""""""@0nlyPablo: Watching Season 8 of @ApprenticeNBC (w/ Joan) on YouTube and I'm hooked! Glad I found out about this show! #WhereHaveIBeen""""""@misstetu: I love how easily @realDonaldTrump sees through the bull, every-single-time. #respect #CelebrityApprentice""""""@paulomyftaraj: @realDonaldTrump is great, gosh darn we need him as president, what a hero"" Thank you.""""@CoolLukeHH: A shame that @kevinjonas got fired from the #CelebApprentice! Would like to see him come back! @realDonaldTrump""  HE WILL!""""@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet""""""@kpdelbridge: YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU? @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks.""""@AdultProdigy: @realDonaldTrump is cool. I like him. Vote for him please."" Thanks.""""@lexdeck: I swear I'll work for @realDonaldTrump one day, watch out.""""""@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump ru going to run ??????""  Watch!""""@bilalkostashuk: That first episode of #CelebApprentice was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!""""@Valdizzlebitch: @realDonaldTrump my mother was right, you are amazing"" Thanks.""""@gennyhatesyou: If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump""""""@riley_nordquist: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old 💥🔥👌🎧""""""@TheXTOR: @dixiefriedsport @sportstalksc @realDonaldTrump that is genius.""""""@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @LAWeightLoss @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC No one outsmarts the boss!""""""@KyleSBaxter:  I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.""""""@LAWeightLoss: @IvankaTrump I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father  #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC"""Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina...Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp, pay rising premiums.Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp, fans, last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp, grew 24% in our regular slot premiere..@JuddApatow I agree!I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show."""@NICNAE: @Elginet @RealGilbert @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump you're awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! Probably many!!!!""""""@McCareyDanny: @realDonaldTrump How come @nbc is screwing #TheApprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?""""""@YankeeRunnerLV:Can U trick Obama into appearing on @ApprenticeNBC by telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favor&amp, FIRE HIM!""""@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi""""""@KPolumbo: @realDonaldTrump @strongvoice I give Shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!""""""@SirOwenDisney:  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr How about a #CelebApprentice season where Ivanka &amp, Don Jr. lead teams? I'd love to see that.""""""@crazymamaa: @realDonaldTrump @alexpattillo that's a great book .. The art of the deal.""""""@milachka10: @realDonaldTrump great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time""""""@jimcureton: @realDonaldTrump first 3 episodes great! Looking forward to rest of season.""""""@_musicfreakalex: Enjoyed @ApprenticeNBC tonight! Awesome as always Mr. @realDonaldTrump""""""@CarlosMirabal8: @realDonaldTrump great 2 shows tonight. Can't wait till next week.""""""@misstyraj: @Queen_James_22 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC maybe Kate needs to go, but Kenya doesn't. The boardroom is where Kenya shines.""""@cyber1980: @realDonaldTrump @todaysrealmusic @ApprenticeNBC @nbc great show better than the wwe lol""""""@TheRealTimC_: I'm loving @MsVivicaFox as Project Manager! @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @nbc #CelebApprentice""""""@todaysrealmusic: A great night of watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc . Thank you mr @realDonaldTrump""""""@tborio: @RealityTVBliss @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump she truly is &amp, well spoken &amp, gracious.""""""@jackievandyck: Donald it's time to boot Kate @realDonaldTrump""""""@alexpattillo: Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!""""""@NICNAE: @realDonaldTrump @strongvoice he should have fired Vivicia right away - she's trash""""""@CrisJensen: @realDonaldTrump @25whitney @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump it definitely is in this household :) Great job sir.""""""@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox @realDonaldTrump omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi""""""@AliceSLeuck: @ApprenticeNBC Join the lean scene with @luvoinc You, exercise and #Luvo a heathy trio... Agreed 100% w/two U fired tonight""""""@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  @GeraldoRivera is the male version of @OMAROSA from 7 years ago! #JustSaying #CelebrityApprentice""""@Madisonbb11: @realDonaldTrump I'm so glad Shawn stood up for herself!!!""""""@saraaa_nicole95: @realDonaldTrump is so intimidating! I would never wanna be on his bad side!! He's still basically a king tho""""""@gmail_maa: ""@realDonaldTrump: ""@litleredhairgrl: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump #CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson!"""" #foreal""""""@_WillChristoph: Can @realDonaldTrump Just Fire Kate Gosselin Just Because? #CelebApprentice""""""@strongvoice: @realDonaldTrump Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho, VERY trashy. #CelebApprentice""""""@SONYGYRL: @realDonaldTrump @tlp_trac @terrellowens no, gilbert wasn't good. he cant be focused on the product, more interested in a laugh""""""@25whitney: I like the Bachelor but @ApprenticeNBC is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015 #CelebApprentice  @IvankaTrump #NBC""""""@jules1327: The women rule tonight on #CelebApprentice - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @IvankaTrump""""@litleredhairgrl: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump #CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson!""""""@gretchbetch_: @realDonaldTrump please fire @kenyamoore she's rude and classless #CelebrityApprentice""""""@HGswiney: @realDonaldTrump you're awesome in that boardroom. Great back to back episodes tonight!""""""@missalliecat @BrandiGlanville I love the way you don't take any crap from @KateGoselin.I can't wait to hear you say ""Kate, you're fired""!""""""@Christybelle14: DonaldTrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs @TheApprentice""""@tlp_tracylee: @realDonaldTrump Was Gilbert good? @terrellowens Cough cough cough""""""@sexy_keesh: Well damn @realDonaldTrump got straight to the point didn't ya? #CelebApprentice""""""@JayeDaVaughn: Currently:_ @realDonaldTrump stirs the pot lmao @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice""""""@angiekay500: @RealGilbert is my hero! Have never had so much fun watching #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@twinkle_s  Apprentice is so good this season. I'd like to thank @realDonaldTrump for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing""""""@kjfinks2champ: I like Trump Tower #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@shelbz555: Love @IvankaTrump's dress! #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@Garrett__Cox: @realDonaldTrump This Show Is GOLD!!!! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@megxmartine: I don't like @KenyaMoore why is she even on @ApprenticeNBC I wish @realDonaldTrump could answer this for me.""""""@tzn1980: @realDonaldTrump loveee @Kateplusmy8""""""@atroxell: @KenyaMoore @RealityTVBliss @realDonaldTrump making it happen✈️""""""@AmandaJoCountry @realDonaldTrump He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other, which I find funny""""""@blakefish10: How does everyone not like watching @realDonaldTrump show #CelebApprentice""""""@Mymustang1964: @realDonaldTrump this season of the #CelebrityApprentice is off to a great start!""""""@theresanov68: @realDonaldTrump love the show""""""@AmandaJoCountry: Celebrity Apprentice is back! I love @realDonaldTrump! Who is going to be the @GaryBussey of the season? #CelebApprentice""""@lizzysaupe: I'm way to addicted to watching Celebrity Apprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@Aquila7: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa""""""@icyminnesota: @kevinjonas is acting like a spoiled little brat. @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice""""""@MoxieBeautiful: I can't decide if Geraldo's ego is a gimmick, a plant by Trump, or if it's for real. #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@PascalMahvi: @realDonaldTrump well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin, I feel for you !""""""@Conman13: Great episode of celebrity apprentice! @realDonaldTrump #goodstuff #yourfired""""""@CandiceBiscoe: @realDonaldTrump the boardroom is jaw dropping"""Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!"""@JenKingPorter: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi should win! I hope Kate and Geraldo get kicked off soon...""""""@haileemh13: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn't project manager. #CelebApprentice""""""@JoeyCarna: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump GUYS SHOULD HAVE WON"" I don't disagree but executives picked!""""@dpal1996: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC boardroom is going to get ugly!!!😬😬😬""""""@strongvoice: @realDonaldTrump @redrocket951 @ApprenticeNBC What a baby. He's having a temper tantrum because he isn't getting his own way.""""@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @MusgravesPark @geraldorivera Geraldo is being a high maintenance diva!""""""@apseloff: @realDonaldTrump Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?""""""@MLRatchford: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump rooting for @RealGilbert. #TeamGilbert""""""@RockyRoad_: Kate's Brain ""The Lights Are On And No Ones Home!""😳 #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice #TheApprentice @realDonaldTrump👔""""""@gsiegman: . @realDonaldTrump Holy shit! Amazing! #Trump2016""""""@ElcaminoJesus: @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!""""""@MusgravesPark: @realDonaldTrump Genius idea having Geraldo on this season. Perfection.""""@Madie_with1D: Geraldo is a princess. Please get over yourself @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump""""""@DebraJosephine: @MsVivicaFox is perfect for the commercial awesome! @CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump""""""@redrocket951: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Geraldo needs to shut tf up #CelebApprentice""""""@JustinJGraff: Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! He's driving me insane #CelebrityApprentice #pleasegetfired""""@jbeanLLL: @realDonaldTrump you're the best! Can't imagine where you find the time!"" Thank you.""""@Ant #CelebApprentice is starting now don't miss @realDonaldTrump and the hidden gem who's already underestimated the amazing @RealGilbert""""""@scottlara1961: @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice""""""@PamKing8628: @ApprenticeNBC  @LeezaGibbons @HollyTyrer_1 Mr.Trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to #TeamLeeza #CelebApprentice""""""@katiemariebes14: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @leezagibbons @msvivicafox @nbc  I only watch cause Brandi is amazing I love her.""""@seriouslybright: @realDonaldTrump I am so excited to view this new season! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@McGurricane: #CelebApprentice is back on I love this show hats off to @realDonaldTrump for putting together a true masterpiece"" Thank you.""""@t9862ander: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc stay on top of @Kateplusmy8. She's got to go""""@KimRichardsFans: @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice intro always gives me life!""""""@AndrewJThom: @realDonaldTrump why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!!"" You are right.""""@nancysperico: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!""""""@WondHerful: @the_ValleyGirl YES!!!!!!!! @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump #MostIntelligentRealityShow""""""@MickeyMiller33: Watching #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump it's on I am rooting for #TeamBrandi and my 15 year old is rooting #TeamKevin""""""@lghaas30: @realDonaldTrump Glad to see George again on #CelebApprentice 👍👏""""""@maldollaz: Best show on Television Celebrity Apprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice""""""@YMcTier: @realDonaldTrump Watching tonight's New episode! @YMcTier feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest @nbc""""""@rmt834: Watching Celebrity Apprentice. Great stuff so far @realDonaldTrump .""""""@YungTrillLord: Homie is on Celebrity Apprenteince with @realDonaldTrump""""""@Snotty_Girl: @Kateplusmy8 @realDonaldTrump Kate Gosselin is fearless. Waych out !""""""@seriouslybright: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!""""""@Angela_Thomps: @realDonaldTrump this is going to be a great @ApprenticeNBC season! Great cast!""""""@SimplemanGreen: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc what a cool cast this time""""""@erin_thereseV: @realDonaldTrump is Kate her own charity? Last I checked she doesn't have a job... or raise money.""""""@mbgrimm02: @BrandiGlanville  @ApprenticeNBC I really wish Kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!"""I will be live tweeting!Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!"""@MindOfMcN: @Chrisgraham101 RT  TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 &amp, 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!""""""@mccull0817: @realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson calls the show evil and that is FUN??""""""@Nightingalicing: @californguy @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonight😉 is @BrandiGlanville"".""""@KarileaKennedy7: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC LOVE Brandi is on your show!""""""@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!"""Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp, 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC."""@nelly_quarez: .@realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice was awesome yesterday🔥. Can't wait to see a new episode tonight! @kevinjonas we are here""""@tokindaddy: @realDonaldTrump your the man, Don. All the best,..."""I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!"""@missskin604: It's time!! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump #westcoast""""""@christinaaa28: #CelebApprentice is baaaaaack! @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump""""""@BillyMayfield: @realDonaldTrump great show tonight! Can't wait till tomorrow night!!""""""@BJohnson683: @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump the first show of #CelebApprentice was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode.""""""@Rongtr: @realDonaldTrump Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!""""""@Linsinn: @realDonaldTrump Yes! #CelebrityApprentice on now, been waiting for months! #CelebApprentice""""""@JordonBruno: I really love @realDonaldTrump""""""@erik. My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n @RealGilbert #CelebrityApprentice! But that's alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.""""@Aschultz2014: @realDonaldTrump Best @ApprenticeNBC cast ever!! Love @IanZiering and so glad @Kateplusmy8 wasn't fired! #notlazy""""""@sixtoluis57: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump No comment, you can see every pore in todays TV screens. U look mavelous"""I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great."""@KennyKing4: @JustinTGee #CelebApprentice is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump""""""@tmh813: @realDonaldTrump prove that you actually control this account, and I will tell everyone I know about the show #takeaselfie""""@RRodriguez62: @realDonaldTrump First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show, will tune in tomorrow night.""""""@Shannonfamini: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for tomorrow's episodes! #CelebApprentice #TRUMP""""""@wooten_smith:  @RickyV_ADW @kevinjonas I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.""""""@ShortCakesSheep: I am rooting for @RealGilbert @kevinjonas but if I was on the #Apprentice I would call my friend @limbaugh to help""""""@AnnieDrews:  So glad #CelebApprentice is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!""""""@DanaDelikat:  @ApprenticeNBC. Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's #bighead #big #ego poster""""""@SparkleAWin: DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but what's important is R they #CelebApprentice material Can't wait 2 C them in action""""""@summer0001: Why is @realDonaldTrump so amazing? Love watching #CelebApprentice""""""@BraunMatt: Really enjoyed #CelebApprentice tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night! @realDonaldTrump""""""@Kbrozz26: @realDonaldTrump I don't watch a lot of T.V but couldn't wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!""""""@ACLrecoveryCLUB: @realDonaldTrump I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convinced @ApprenticeNBC is the best show on tv!""""""@CeeCee928:  @MsVivicaFox PLS NOT @BrandiGlanville OR @KenyaMoore JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE""""""@bigdogg1974: @realDonaldTrump @Kateplusmy8 Kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no dough she worked very hard! #truth""""@CandidlyNic: @BrandiGlanville You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt,3 You!! @KathySimovski @realDonaldTrump""""""@missklamert:I HATE @realDonaldTrump ! But I have to watch this season of #TheApprentice because it has such an awesome cast. #TeamKenya !""""""@axpeters17: @kevinjonas is the one to beat on @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice""""""@JulieMyra: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump you go. Love your spirit. F the haters""""""@ameliasg: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  @IvankaTrump does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?""""""@RickyV_ADW: Gotta say I have @kevinjonas winning it all @realDonaldTrump social media, strategy, and seems to know how to spin things.""""@rachelredl: Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump"""This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity."""@iiarwatch: @realDonaldTrump You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya &amp, Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.""""""@sweetiee1s: @sweetiee1s: @ACTUALLYDOMINIC @realDonaldTrump @peachespulliam I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come""""""@TravyJ1: I wonder how it would be growing up with @realDonaldTrump as a father""""""@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I loved it. #CelebApprentice""""""@ASEDawg89: @realDonaldTrump so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight""""""@loribuckmajor: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville is as real as they come. Love her #CelebApprentice""""""@RockyRoad_: Nothing like hearing @realDonaldTrump say ""YOU'RE FIRED"" twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 8/7 CST!👊😜 #CelebApprentice""""@virgiegurl: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS"""Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!"""@bethdelany: @realDonaldTrump Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K #CelebrityApprentice""""""@irwin171: #CelebApprentice just turned me into a @kevinjonas fan. Love the new season!! @realDonaldTrump""""""@NicoleAMarin: You're Fired! It's music to my ears when it comes from @realDonaldTrump mouth! Why a commercial?!? #CelebrityApprentice""""""@AlexPerrry: First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and I'm really enjoying it! @realDonaldTrump""""""@luvsleopard2: @billybush @realDonaldTrump the music always gives it such a dramatic effect😱""""""@UglyWewe: Love @realDonaldTrump asking @BrandiGlanville for the truth! He knows he'll get it!""""""@NicoleAMarin: Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump""""@keithwmcandrew: Who will @realDonaldTrump fire?!? Will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!? @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice""""@MarshaABrady: @realDonaldTrump @TheApprentice9 I hope it's Kate, I don't want to look at her again, on this show or any other.... Sorry""""""@Christine_8888: @realDonaldTrump Brandi for the win!!""""""@The_Paul08: There's nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!! @TrumpChicago @TrumpCollection #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""@SarahSS555: @realDonaldTrump is my idol... #CelebApprentice"" Thanks.""""@miasmiiles: @realDonaldTrump #trumpforpresident2016""""""@ArizonaNFLFan: .@realDonaldTrump I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.""""""@AnthonyJamesTV: @GeraldoRivera and @kevinjonas killed it! @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc #CelebApprentice""""""@MNBosstom: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! #CelebApprentice""""@eyetweethere: @realDonaldTrump best part of the show""""""@DerrickBolenVA: @realDonaldTrump has built up a great show #CelebApprentice""""""@GodIgetitnow: @realDonaldTrump it will not be pretty (Keisha YOUR FIRED) #CelebApprentice""""""@rchunter: @realDonaldTrump tells the guys, go back to @TrumpTowerNY and watch if you want to, it won't be pretty. #CelebApprentice""""""@Jwundy: The iconic ""You're fired"" is coming @realDonaldTrump can't wait.""""""@FTESTERNBTLSFAN: @realDonaldTrump wonder who gets ""FIRED"" hmmm""""""@srqsweetheart: It's about to go down! Buckle up! @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice""""""@michaelsdevine: Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump""""""@Lanae_Jonas22: @realDonaldTrump it is interesting so far""""""@queenOFspice: I follow @realDonaldTrump in hopes he'll drop some knowledge that'll make me as rich as him""""""@TimothyMcManus4: @realDonaldTrump Very intense!! #CelebApprentice""""""@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. #CelebApprentice""""""@TEisen229: @realDonaldTrump great cast! Girls are going to win!""""""@Jwundy: Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom @kevinjonas @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump""""""@Mag_0909: @realDonaldTrump intense but I would expect nothing less""""""@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. #Apprentice""""""@Mari907: @realDonaldTrump &amp, @IvankaTrump back on my TV! I'm a happy gal ❤️😍""""""@scdaily4: @realDonaldTrump loving it....glad you're back. But we're wondering who is this season's @GaryBussey""""""@jonas_brotha: @realDonaldTrump @KenyaMoore just goes for the throat""""""@salans77: @realDonaldTrump great boardroom so far. Love the tension""""""@MikeDemkiw: @realDonaldTrump Kevin Jonas is a very strong player, surprised."""How do you like the boardroom so far?"""@cav1301: @realDonaldTrump Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!""""""@thecccowanshow: @realDonaldTrump @NaomiEpstein @ApprenticeNBC KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!"""This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild"""@ShortCakesSheep: @realDonaldTrump @roswell2001 @kevinjonas @RealGilbert agree!!!""""""@Prochekhomeinsp: Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!""""""@roswell2001: So glad #CelebrityApprentice is back! @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas @RealGilbert are my favs. Go team vortex!""""""@ohbehave71: @realDonaldTrump Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Won't be there long. Needs to go. #CelebApprentice""""""@amiguiza: @realDonaldTrump I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best #TeamKevin #AskKevin""""""@KimberlySyring: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!""""""@otowned: @realDonaldTrump Any Real Housewife""""""@thatsoundstasty: The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #DidYouSeeThat #CelebApprentice""""@SennieC: @realDonaldTrump all the athletes are doing great!""""""@remember91808: @RealGilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @ApprenticeNBC: Can we keep them around until the end""""@Jwundy: I admire how @kevinjonas is holding himself in the boardroom #TeamKevin @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump""""""@ACTUALLYDOMINIC: @kevinjonas is on #celebapprentice??? that's it, @realDonaldTrump, you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way""""@biggangVH1: @realDonaldTrump love the show! #CelebApprentice""""""@OrionTrunk:  @terrellowens is going to go far because he's a media circus. @IanZiering will come close to winning, but Shawn can also.""""""@NaomiEpstein: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.""""@briankgarver: @realDonaldTrump like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!! 👍👍👍""""""@KristyHernandez: @realDonaldTrump yay watching my very favorite show, Celebrity Apprentice and LOVING it!!😍💃""""""@TGambinoVent: #CelebrityApprentice @KenyaMoore go home please! @realDonaldTrump plez help! Love the show but, she's trying to be @OMAROSA""""@CarrieOn2014: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! #CelebrityApprentice""""""@brendalynwraps: @realDonaldTrump Leeza!!!""""""@mariadomenique9: The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump""""""@JoseMar87531474: Watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump is the man...""""""@TheReader23: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi for the win""""""@GlendaKParks: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville NOT @KenyaMoore! She does nothing but run her mouth!""""""@JoSportsGal:  @BrandiGlanville Too early first episode. @realDonaldTrump season needs to play out. Then I'll let u know. #WorkHard, #Win""""""@mumlvs2run: @Kateplusmy8 You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen 😉 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Go Kate Go!""""""@SarahLynEllis: I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season!@realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson @IvankaTrump The Donald is the best! #YoureFired"Who do you like - hate so far?"""@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump SO HAPPY #CelebrityApprentice is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!""""""@Stevie_SKenergy: @realDonaldTrump @NBCApprentice This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to #saveSKsocial""""""@Dbarbs1: @realDonaldTrump please fire Kenya first."" Really?""""@MichaelMPierce: Watching @ApprenticeNBC for the first time ever. Love it so far! @realDonaldTrump""""""@KristaCantwell: @realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that @ApprenticeNBC is back! #CelebApprentice""""""@TNelly813: Yay! @realDonaldTrump I'm so excited for celebrity apprentice :)""""""@JakeKrippner: “@realDonaldTrump: So, who should win, who is your favorite?” @ShawnJohnson""""""@teerexbc: I'm rooting for @MsVivicaFox @ShawnJohnson and @peachespulliam #CelebrityApprentice #thecelebrityapprentice #nbc DonaldTrump""""@Gaga_In_Fla: @AndreaTantaros @FoxNews @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Well, not that it matters, I think Geraldo is a sanctimonious ass.""""""@straitblazin: @realDonaldTrump has an all star cast of celebrities this season of @ApprenticeNBC! This should be interesting."" True.""""@sprinkler22: @realDonaldTrump i love donald trump!!!!"" Thanks""""@ApprenticeNBC: ""Nobody wants to be the first one fired."" Isn't that the truth, @realDonaldTrump. #CelebApprentice"" VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.""""@michaelsdevine: I kinda hope @RealGilbert sticks around for a while just for moments like that #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC""""@JohnG500: Love @realDonaldTrump and @ApprenticeNBC! This is gonna be another awesome season. #CelebApprentice""""""@KiernanProud: @realDonaldTrump so excited! Best show on television. #CelebApprentice""""""@BucherBrandon:  Watching @realDonaldTrump 's show #CelebApprentice to see @BrandiGlanville""""""@stacekop: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.""""""@fabulyss22: My Sunday's will now be spent with @realDonaldTrump again! So excited #CelebrityApprentice is back!""""""@princessrisssss: I am SOO super excited to watch @ShawnJohnson and DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.""""@llluminatedOnes: Here we go! @ApprenticeNBC starts NOW on @NBC! Let's do this! @RealDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump  #CelebApprentice"""It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!"""@SkaCreek: In Ten minutes on @realDonaldTrump 's Apprentice @IanZiering begins his season long domination! @Jason_Priestley you watchin?""""""@Flowerchic462: Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump""""""@fabiolasellsnj: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC looking forward to this"""This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!"""@PamelaDunfee: @BillRancic @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC @ 9:00 pm tonight.""""""@KellyJeanturner: @realDonaldTrump @Kateplusmy8 #ticktock 12 hours &amp, counting down to watch #ApprenticeNBC""""""@NicoleAMarin: I can't wait to watch this season of #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr I can't wait to watch @BrandiGlanville dominate!""""""@cinna33: @MrSilverScott @CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump @JSKibler Yeah! Bring on/down the gauntlet""""""@Heidilucky:  Hello Mr. Trump. I LOVE @TheApprentice9 and can NOT wait till it airs. @ABCSharkTank and @TheProfitCNBC , 2 other faves!""""""@ChrisJPMac: Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.""""@mariadomenique9: @ApprenticeNBC @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump @RealGilbert @GeraldoRivera cant wait to watch tonight!!!""""""@JillyBaDilly: @realDonaldTrump I've been waiting for this day for way too long! #CelebApprentice starts tonight! Can't wait! 🎉"" Enjoy!""""@JanzenErika: @BillRancic  @ApprenticeNBC Thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill.""""""@DavidBodner: So excited for #thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump have in store for us this season!""""""@emilyplacido: @realDonaldTrump @BernieSandner @ApprenticeNBC Me too!!!! #TeamLeeza all the way!!! @LeezasCareCafe is a wonderful charity!!""""@DavidThomasNo1: Tune in for some late night viewing of @realDonaldTrump on celebrity apprentice USA @BBCOne tonight""""""@tbc_branding: To my biz-minded tweeps from #SharkTankNation #Restaurantstartup #theprofit...I'll see you 2nite for #CelebrityApprentice""""@JSKibler: @MrDrewScott @MrSilverScott we need to get you all on the @celebapprentice with the @realDonaldTrump. #unstoppable #makeithappen""""@shihtzupad: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I LOVE THIS SHOW👍❤️‼️""""""@RosaleeAdams: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I thought it would never start again...""""""@hobbyath: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Brandi G. #getoffmyTV goes first hopefully""""""@MattLytle: @realDonaldTrump So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night?""  YES.""""@wristbridge: Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Let's go @realDonaldTrump""""""@___LisaMichelle: So excited. You got this Brandi! @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump""""""@MY_2BCOLLIES: @MiloandJack  Actually Milo, Mr Trump felt Kate has a good shot at winning. DonaldTrump was very complimentary about Kate.""""""@PamKing8628: @mikerandcom @realDonaldTrump @LeezaGibbons @IanZiering #TeamLeeza to the finish line!!""""""@PamKing8628: @realDonaldTrump @mikerandcom - #TeamLeeza will be following ur #CelebApprentice comments! @LeezaGibbons""""""@ShellsterNYC: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC How many times does TO cry?""""""@patjeanes: @realDonaldTrump Im sure the show will be great, but you need to get on the campaign trail"" Watch!""""@RustyHook2:  @ApprenticeNBC I just watched the ""tease"" on you tube. Terrell,Johnny and Kate won't be there for long. We will see...""""""@dpal1996: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC cannot wait!!!""""""@SisterTrue: @realDonaldTrump can't wait love this show, helps me realize so many things!""""""@Cherylynn6464: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Looking forward to your show and especially seeing Joan Rivers."" She did a great job!""""@LeaDiLiberto: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump You in danger, girl!""""""@MIclimber: @realDonaldTrump look at alum @THEGaryBusey making you proud with @AmazonFireTV #CelebApprentice"" Great.""""@barbarabee2u: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Can,t wait!""""""@MyCrashIs: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC please let it be @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore first. But u probably like that negativity""""""@organics2014: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump will @Kateplusmy8 be too?  Yes.""""@Molly_Stew: @realDonaldTrump adding Housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv 😊 #CelebrityApprentice""""""@rona65: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1""""""@kekepania822: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I'm excited for this season, can't wait to watch 👍""""""@yurdreamwoman: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss""""""@Foreign_Blood: @realDonaldTrump Needs to run for president""""""@Jerry_Zhang_: Looking forward to season 14 of @ApprenticeNBC! @realDonaldTrump""""""@fenway315: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @RealGilbert Is the fucking man !""""""@joeferrarijoe: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC it's about time!!!!""""""@BernieSandner: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC I'm ready for the show tomorrow night.""""""@The_Paul08: It's almost here, finally!!!! The new Celebrity #Apprentice premiers tomorrow on @nbc! @realDonaldTrump #excited""""""@wouldnotmind: @ApprenticeNBC @ivankatrump @realDonaldTrump : I know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? My GIRL @KenyaMoore""""@LeezaGibbons: “@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. #TVgeek”""""@LeezaGibbons: “@emilyplacido: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump  I'm so rooting for you on Celebrity Apprentice @LeezaGibbons!! Go girl!TYSM""""""@TheShowOff85: Too excited to seeing my two favourite people on TV together on one show, that's @realDonaldTrump and @KenyaMoore.""""@TrudyUnis: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last  years.""""""@puppyslug: @realDonaldTrump Will you run? Will you run for President? Mr Trump, your Nation needs you! #saveoursouls"" Stay tuned, thanks!""""@rexhispaniae: @realDonaldTrump will be watching with my entire family. We are so happy you're back on TV, Mr Trump! Huge fans here!""""""@LikABrdThatFlew: My only New Year's resolution: Be more like @realDonaldTrump"" Nice, thanks!""""@LmechX: @realDonaldTrump The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent, real advice. Definitely worth a read."""I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!"""@aanders07: @realDonaldTrump I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Can't wait!"" Enjoy!""""@JayRav3: @realDonaldTrump What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business."" TRUMP, THE ART OF THE DEAL!""""@HarveyRabitto: @realDonaldTrump Louis Z never ever quit. Neither does Donald T.""""""@ChrisRosica: @realDonaldTrump genius Tweet.""""""@VeryOddDog: @realDonaldTrump You are a good Christian! You are right! Also, you should be Presedent! The sooner the better! #TRUMP""""""@ArrestJOEPA: @realDonaldTrump trump kicked Rosie's ass, he kicked penn states ass, he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! #trump2016""""I just saw the movie ""Unbroken"" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.""""@seankesser: @realDonaldTrump: Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!""""""@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 9:00 then Mon. at 8""""@RunningDeep67: @UniqueCaptures Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!""""""@ArrestJOEPA: @realDonaldTrump and @terrellowens sounds like a dream team""""""@nick_nlawrie: @realDonaldTrump if you're as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you're loaded.""""@midniteracers: @realDonaldTrump Gets my vote for President. He's my hero! When I grow up I want to be like him.""""""@bbolaji9: Happy new year my president @realdonaldtrump"" Thank you.""""@FREDOSANTANASS: @realDonaldTrump is a great leader and definitely someone I look up to. Great role model"" Thanks.""""@diannelea1958: @MFonnest @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide Hell yes! It's gonna be fun.""""""@MorrisFrance: Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi @realDonaldTrump 👋👋""""""@The_Edward_K: @realDonaldTrump Your a Genius sir #TrumpForPresident""""""@brian_muldoon: @realDonaldTrump Headed to Trump Central Park for my wife's birthday!! Can't wait!!""  Have fun!""""@RustyHook2: @realDonaldTrump @trillacamila You would be a damn sight better than Jeb ! or ""Billary"" !""""""@StevenCena35: @realDonaldTrump look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in @ABCFamily""""""@diannelea1958: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide I love the cast this season.""""""@trillacamila: we need @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@TellyPlanet: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for series4 to air on BBC One Sunday night :)""""""@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is SO AWESOME!! Man of nat'l unmatched merit, every1 needs TRUMP! A+ leader can rule- ELECT EXCELENT PREZ!!""""""@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @realDonaldTrump @AllAboutTheTea_ This season is going to be great! Can't wait!""""""@JoshHadleySays: @realDonaldTrump @dungyots Yes, a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s, who knew.""""""@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESEDENT OVER ALL OF AMERCIA!!!!!!!!""""""@FrisbieKaren: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice my secret addiction! Now only if you would do a ""regular"" people edition.""""@misstcassidy: @KdanielsK @realDonaldTrump @AllAboutTheTea_ I just hope both last well half way into season w/lots of drama!""""""@Photocritic: Oh please please please let @realDonaldTrump run for president. That would make my year.""""""@UniqueCaptures: DonaldTrump: Even though I feel his personality is to strong for President, I agree it would be an entertaining campaign""""""@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @AllAboutTheTea_ @realDonaldTrump My money is on Kenya getting fired first.""""""@Madrina26: @realDonaldTrump So excited for Sunday and Celebrity Apprentice!!!"" You will love it, WILD!""""@diannelea1958: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @ChannelGuide So excited for this season."" It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.""""@sean:  Icahn,Kravis,Buffet &amp, many other top business men've taken advantage of corporate bankruptcy law,yet people only point out Trump.""""@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @AllAboutTheTea_ I definitely think Kenya is smarter than Brandi, but Kenya doesn't play well w/ others.""""""@AlphaQuintesson: @realDonaldTrump please run for president you got my vote 💦🍑""""""@seankesser: @LoreleiJP @realDonaldTrump @VeryOddDog Trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy"" So true, thank you!""""@MarkFleming22: “If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrump""”""""""@iintend: DonaldTrump At one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. You never flinched. You have to respect that.""  Thank you""""@samanthajrose: @realDonaldTrump #Trumpfan #TrumpForPresident""""""@Felix_Whiskas: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - @realDonaldTrump""""""@ericleebow: @realDonaldTrump Hope you finally run for President. That should be your new year's resolution."" Good thought!""""@SaraPattersonn: @realDonaldTrump hey be president""""""@archangeljf12: @realDonaldTrump Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!  #TrumpPOTUS2016 #HappyNewYear""""@jmcafee23: @realDonaldTrump please run for president this country needs you!""""""@tlowery19: @realDonaldTrump for president please! 😩""""""@Danwolff22: @realDonaldTrump I believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! MR. Trump for president!"" Thanks Dan!""""@SparkleAWin: @realDonaldTrump So excited for a New Year &amp, new Celeb Apprentice! Can't wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!""""""@JoshHammer77: @realDonaldTrump happy new year sir can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice""""""@yankeejayman: @realDonaldTrump @flicka__ Do u ever sleep?""  Not much!""""@TalentlessCook: @realDonaldTrump You're only a year away from #2016 ...pick a running mate. Happy New Year""""""@archangeljf12:  ,,@realDonaldTrump for President of the United States! @SenTedCruz Vice President ,A #WinningTicket2016 #TrumpCruz2016"""The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world"""@flicka__: @realDonaldTrump for president""""""@LLAnkers: DonaldTrump,  it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. You could be a great leader for our nation. Keep it up Trump!""""@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around""  I do, big league!""""@PaulParmar1: @realDonaldTrump so excited for @ApprenticeNBC thank you for creating such an amazing show #CelebApprentice"" Enjoy it, thanks""""@MarcAardvark: @realDonaldTrump @ronmeier123 One of the best things I bought in 2014: @realDonaldTrump ties @Macys @amazon""""""@JaayZen: @grandmiapens He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Don't let us hit the iceberg!""""""@AngelaTN777: @gochico @realDonaldTrump: He STANDS UP for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it. #Hasmyrespect&amp,Vote""""""@teamconquerca: First time in the""Trump International Hotel and Tower"" and it's absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality""""@JaayZen: @realDonaldTrump Thanks Donald. Now run for president! Fulfill your purpose! ""To much is given, much is required"""Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!".@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: ""until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.""  Dishonest!""Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: ""In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity.""  So true!"slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?"The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, ""by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......"As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with..."The so-called ""A"" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!"Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes"Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase ""DRAIN THE SWAMP"" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS."I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differentlyCampaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp, sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states"Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He ""doesn't know much"" ...""""@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump, officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!""""""@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official."" Thank you Franklin!"We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp, called terrible names!We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act."Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - ""THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH"" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!""""@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""  Thank you!"Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!"Well, we all did it, together! I hope the ""MOVEMENT"" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!"Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!"Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me ""Person of the Year"" - a great honor!"Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th."Unless you catch ""hackers"" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?"Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"Whether I choose him or not for ""State""- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp, CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!"I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp, untrue - FAKE NEWS!As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp, have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!".@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for ""State""."Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce duesChuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!"If the press would cover me accurately &amp, honorably, I would have far less reason to ""tweet."" Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!"their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..".@FoxNews will be re-running ""Objectified: Donald Trump,"" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!"The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESSthese companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. SadOur great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today, election next Saturday."""@TigerWoods: Can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. –TW #heroworldchallenge"" Great to have you back Tiger - Special!"Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks CarrierI will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do."""@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !""""""@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter.""""@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !""  @CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!""""@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN"""Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally"Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead."" So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad""this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy."" She then said, ""We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --""of position."" Then, separately she stated, ""He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --"during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -"Hillary's debate answer on delay: ""That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --"Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will changeThe Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp, demoralized DemsFidel Castro is dead!I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp, so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not niceMany people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!"General James ""Mad Dog"" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!"I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behaviorThe Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no MexicoMy transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGAAustralia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders."I am not trying to get ""top level security clearance"" for my children. This was a typically false news story."Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easilyThe debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!"The @nytimes states today that DJT believes ""more countries should acquire nuclear weapons."" How dishonest are they. I never said this!"Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?"Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the ""Trump phenomena"""This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never beforeDon't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!"Just out according to @CNN: ""Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"""I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp, @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp, amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp, fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!"""@DeplorableCBTP: ""In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess."" - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty""   Thank you Phil!"I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!"""@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!"Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!"If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp, Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. ""Bad instincts""""""@Jmoschetti1363: @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police""""""@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. @realDonaldTrump"" Repeal and replace!"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWordsObamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailedWe are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!"""If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House"" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton"Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruthI started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debateUSA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #DebateBernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #DebateModerator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruthOur country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruthI will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #DebateModerator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthModerator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruthHillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #DebateOne of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGADrugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthThe 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthReady to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGAI will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be ""stolen"" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico"""My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caughtWow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOPAnimals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP"Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows ""quid pro quo"" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp, Paul Ryan does zilch!"Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SADElection is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!"""@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!"""A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGABig wins against ISIS!The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged electionThis election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!"Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the ""incident"" in her story. Because it did not happen!"The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp, CNN FRAUD!I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!"Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their ""focus group"" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!"Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nomineeThank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruthOur country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate@AC360: “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #DebateThis country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate"We agree @POTUS-""SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp, CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE"" -President Obama"If @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruthIn my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruthHypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #DebateWe must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGAATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #DebatesHillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debateBasically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillaryIf I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worseI’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruthIt’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruthMy team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgainSo many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!"""@HenryLeledog: @realDonaldTrump This Black Democrat is on the ""TRUMP TRAIN""!!""""""@maidaa17: @realDonaldTrump GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.""""@CharleneOsbor17: @realDonaldTrump politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.""""""@eericmyers: @realDonaldTrump  ""Republican leadership"" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump.""""Tremendous support (except for some Republican ""leadership""). Thank you."Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGACertainly has been an interesting 24 hours!"""@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee"""Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.EARLY VOTING: MN &amp, IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details &amp, VOTE!Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!"""@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews""  So true!""""@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!""""@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump""""I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate ""Police officers are the best of us...""@Mike_Pence""""@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.""""""@aldonturnaolco1: @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump good!!""""""@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA""""""@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!""""@carol_lcnixon67: @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.""""""@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a ""you're fired"" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. @realDonaldTrump""".@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!"""@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence &amp, @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!""""@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies""""""@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!""""""@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain""""@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump""""""@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence💕""""""@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi""".@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.Both are looking good! Now we begin!Here we go - Enjoy!I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do greatWow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters."""@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!"I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimesHeading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp, sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?"I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided ""spin"" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone."For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp, Arizona papers &amp, now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!"Remember, don't believe ""sources said"" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist."Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con."Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an ""angel"" without checking her past, which is terrible!""Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying ""sources said,"" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!"Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp, Friends for so reporting!In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGAWell, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!".@newtgingrich just said ""a historic victory for Trump."" NICE!"Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenightRussia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton.This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 yearsMy team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!#DebateNight #TrumpPence16"Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the ""King,"" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed."Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp, sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.Will be on @foxandfriends now.I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"""@ThAllenSBoucher: @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I love those beautiful gals."" D + S = Two amazing women!".@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!Hopefully the violence &amp, unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp, leadership.The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp, its people- how did he get thru system?Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!"""@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.""""@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"""Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!Under the leadership of Obama &amp, Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgustingThe failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement."""@jimmyfallon: Tonight: @realDonaldTrump, @normmacdonald, a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight"Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!"""@ghfanlovessonny: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016"" Thank you!"I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?"""@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."""Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGAWill be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!"""@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job @realDonaldTrump"""Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN..@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp, the veteran who said she should be in jail.With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!"""A rough night for Hillary Clinton""  ABC News."Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriendsThank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!"""@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media bias"I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?"""@Ler: Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"""As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP."China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama ""the son of a whore."" Terrible!"The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!President Obama &amp, Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!"""@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot &amp, support @realDonaldTrump, as do I. #MAGA by sticking together."Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain"""@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a @realDonaldTrump fan. Love it.""""""@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS @realDonaldTrump  Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big""""""@lblackvelvet: @realDonaldTrump We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!""""""@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.""Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the ""C"" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?""To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE ""T"""The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration."""@AnneBellar: @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"""Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!Poll numbers way up - making big progress!Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!Mexico will pay for the wall!Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the ""f bomb."""I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow."""@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house! @realDonaldTrump  @mike_pence"""From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENTDoes anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere"""@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp, she still has room."Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity."""@LindaHarden: @realDonaldTrump America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary"Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!"""@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor."Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp, WALL!Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYouI will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!"How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth ""SUPER PREDATORS"" - Has she apologized?"I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solveWonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp, Hispanic communities"""@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!"""Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promisePoll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp, enforce our laws!My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!"Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was ""absolutely no connection"" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!"It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!"""@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!""""""@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K""""""@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16"""I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp, someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!"""@EyeCandyTMGayle: @realDonaldTrump please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful""  Good!""""@J58golf: @realDonaldTrump been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"""We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGAWill be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!"""@CatOnGlass: 200,000 new followers for @realDonaldTrump. From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump"#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp, another speech tonight in MI.They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNewsWill be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgainCertain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!"""Stay on message"" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!"I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!"It is not ""freedom of the press"" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!"I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never saidThe failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!"""@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U"" Thanks""""@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!"" Nice""""@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"""We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres."""@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain"" Thanks"I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!"""@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm""""Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) ""the founder"" of ISIS, &amp, MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?""""@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump."" That would indeed be nice!"Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest."""@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.""""No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by ""low ratings"" @CNN."My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESMMorning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp, irrelevant!.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rockMedia desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?"""@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary""""""@sprts08: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"""I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!"The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, ""the baby"" and so much more. Very dishonest!"I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!"Anybody whose mind ""SHORT CIRCUITS"" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word ""BRAINWASHED.""""Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she ""SHORT CIRCUITED"" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!"Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp, refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!"When I said in an interview that Putin is ""not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down,"" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!"This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!"""@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope."""The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!"Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our ""leaders"" to eradicate it!"Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNewsWow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!"The ""Rust Belt"" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!"Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VPWord is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!"Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two ""Big Thursdays"" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings"Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support &amp, Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.As usual, Hillary &amp, the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp, insticts.I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!"Crooked Hillary said that I ""couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign."" Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!"If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary"""Little"" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!"General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillaryCrooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!"""@AnnCoulter: ""I believe in science"" Dem code for ""we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing"""""Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!"Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and ""forgot"" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!"The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC"""@trumplican2016: @realDonaldTrump @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE""""""@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that @realDonaldTrump will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly"""Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic"Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to ""carpet bomb"" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!"Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!"Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said ""Trump is a genius."" America 1st!"As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkellyFor the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp, her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was greatFunny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a differenceBernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGAThe State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!"Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her ""servant"" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie."If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes meWatched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp, all others laughing!The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp, well!Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed outIf the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wildThe @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!"There is no longer a Bernie Sanders ""political revolution."" He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!"An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECTThe Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!"""@NancyNielsenn: @realDonaldTrump Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it"""Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGEDPocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?"""@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain"""I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp, set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRoveThank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!Arena was packed, totally electric!.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!"""@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."""It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConventionWill be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLENetworks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watchingThe ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her HI hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's overThank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have doneLook forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp, Hillary!#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp, global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!This election is a choice between law, order &amp, safety - or chaos, crime &amp, violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYouFor too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our countryAfter today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPoliticsGreat Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed CityI made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement."Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team ""were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information."" Not fit!"Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!"I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with ""murder."" Come November 8, she's out!"Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! WinI will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystemThe system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!"On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. ""Special: Meet the Trumps"" Hope you enjoy!"Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!"Crooked Hillary Clinton is ""guilty as hell"" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?"The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!"The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting ""go away, no pictures.""""Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about ""grandkids"" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?""""THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"""On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp, corrupt!Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release"Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware ""the event had to be held in Cleveland"" - a total lie. These people are sick!"Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmericaFor reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!"""@Gengm7: @jakeda @realDonaldTrump As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding"""ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pactsIron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!"""@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"""We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton."""@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube""""""@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support @realDonaldTrump for #POTUS""""""@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realDonaldTrump was speaking. #UPUPUP""""""@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs""""""@vegas_sports: Good for @realDonaldTrump he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump""""@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!""".@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch NovemberCrooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage."""@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp, we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016🇺🇸 #MAGA""""@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general""""The ""dirty"" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good."Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of timeHillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support sonClinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad callsJust landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirstWe must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou"""@Jolena3: @realDonaldTrump And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!""""""@DarrenWaggener: @realDonaldTrump What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016"Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disasterAmerica is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp, ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp, as a people w/a shared history.Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp, brilliant vote.Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers&amp, our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.Obama &amp, Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp, start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #ImwithyouSC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp, African-American workers."ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.""  --  Donald J. Trump""""Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.""  --   Donald J. Trump""Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been ""disqualifying.""""""@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father."" Thank you.""""@justininglv: @realDonaldTrump great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!""  Thank you."Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou"""@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers"" Lou is great"Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ETHillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp, judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays."I am ""the king of debt.""That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S."Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow OrlandoAmazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!"""@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on @realDonaldTrump is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.""""@realericjallen: @realDonaldTrump is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp, US JOBS, JOBS, JOB."I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNewsI will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.AMERICA FIRST!American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am sayingI will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough"""@WandaWalls20: @realDonaldTrump Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.""Reporting that Orlando killer shouted ""Allah hu Akbar!"" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade."Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp, vigilance. We must be smart!Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp, their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp, vigilant?Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there isHeading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!"""@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!"""@KathyCeurter: @realDonaldTrump please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate.""  He is a great guy!"Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me."""@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want @realDonaldTrump. You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP""""""@Dale_Dangler: @realDonaldTrump You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen""  Thanks."I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!"""@nauthizjane: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump.""  Thank you!""""@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than @realDonaldTrump yet lost.""""""@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt,MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA""""""@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp,pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!""""""@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!""  Thanks!""""@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. ""Number one presidency of all time""""""@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"""Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!"""@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump, at least you'll have a job."Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recievedI will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continuesI will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp, VIOLENT. Bad temperament for presI am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors"""@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at policeMuhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!"""@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!""""""@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine  @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."""Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best."""@RobertMordica: @realDonaldTrump Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time."" THANK YOU!""""@Valenti317: @realDonaldTrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.""""""@free_SA_BD: @realDonaldTrump A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."""A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp, will win case!With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign PBernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!"""@HaloDad22: @realDonaldTrump I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems""""@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took."" Thanks.""Same failing @nytimes ""reporter"" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!"Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates TrumpI hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke recordHave a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."""The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!The Republican Party has to be smart &amp, strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDWDon't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp, get much better results! What we need as Prez!The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp, that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp, I'm beating her.I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.Thank you Mr. &amp, Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have itGoofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!"""@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!""""""@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!""""""@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.""""@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India""""""@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain 🚂 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain""""""@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!"""@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp, 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care ofour vets!In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!"""@dubilujane: I trust @realDonaldTrump more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt."Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!"""@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain &amp, join @NRA to stop her."""Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!"Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that ""the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."""@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!"Thanks @piersmorgan! ""Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp,massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."""Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!"I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is ""not qualified"" to be president because she has ""very bad judgement"" - Bernie said the same thing!"How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!"Some low-life journalist claims that I ""made a pass"" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!"Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me."""@ShoneeP: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare""""""@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST."""Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you."""@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!""""@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive"""Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign"""@michael_favreau: @JIS3 @realDonaldTrump He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016"""I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!"Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how ""THE MOVEMENT"" does in Oregon tonight!"Will go back on for a final question now!"""@jrector34: @realDonaldTrump Amazing job""""""@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"""I like Michael Douglas!"""@thydanielflores: .@megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Best interview that I have ever seen.""""@CostaKenneth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Great interview Megyn""""""@svhlevi: @DiamondandSilk @realJeffreyLord @realDonaldTrump @CNN and we love you Diamond and Silk""  I do also!""""@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents""""@markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed""  True!""""@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! @realDonaldTrump"" Thanks.""""@Janik1968: @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts""""""@KaceyIlliot1669: @realDonaldTrump We actually really do love you!"" Great!""""@johnkirtley:  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!""""""@jlund04: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.""""""@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!""""""@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.""""@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!""""""@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and @realDonaldTrump for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍""""""@gerriweth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job""""""@SandraR67758219: @realDonaldTrump You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!""""""@longbyfive: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @megynkelly !"" Thanks.""""@HFFoundation4: @realDonaldTrump One thing we know for sure @BernieSanders supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not @HillaryClinton""""""@wesleyfelixpsi: @realDonaldTrump speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly""""@manakoa:DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both""""""@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!"" Not really soft at all!""""@xGodfatherxzx: @realDonaldTrump amazing on Megan Kelly"" Thanks.""""@TrumpTrainRider: .@realDonaldTrump Watching you on Fox with @megynkelly now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about."""I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?"Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the ""energizer"" to D.C.?"Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political historyOregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China"The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. ""You can tell them to go BLANK themselves"" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!"Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!"""In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue."" This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!"The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp, libelous story they did on me.The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!"A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said ""Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries."" I set all-time record!"Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times liedThe @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!"""@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016"" Thanks.""""@tzard000: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!""  Thank you!"Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use"""@MrTohNey: Leicester &amp, DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?""""@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm a women &amp, I 100% support @realDonaldTrump &amp, I have since the beginning. Thank you!"The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNewsWow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?.@thehill  Your story about me &amp, the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp, gets nothing done in Senate?Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker...does nothing to help!Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you...”If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp, I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp, the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallumWhy does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!"""@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers""""@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump."Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!"""@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight."" Thank you."Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M..@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!"""@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp, #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP"I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!"""@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't. @realDonaldTrump will give his all for us!".@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @TeamstersGoofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!"""@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain"""So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"Governor Rick Perry said ""Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen."" Thank you Rick!"Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016"Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, ""We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp,coal companies out of business."" She then apologized."Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp, otherwise. He should show them, &amp, run as an Independent.I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNewsMany reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp, moneyWow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimaryI will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA."Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to ""dealing with men who get off the reservation."" Actually, she has done poorly with such men!"I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp, never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN"The ""protesters"" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!".@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effortI will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!"""@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much."""Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp, otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp, special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!"""@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity &amp, he refuses 2 play the game call ""Delegate Bribery"""I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!Thank you New York, I will never forget!.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!"""@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@kdk144: @realDonaldTrump Everybody is ""In A New York State of Mind"" now!"""A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against himLyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp, K"""@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp, ahead of schedule."I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!"""@Ollie_621: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY🗽 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!""""@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp, increased support for @realDonaldTrump ...Not surprising."""I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!"""@dmharvey89: @realDonaldTrump @wdct8110 I just voted for @realDonaldTrump in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!"" Fantastic!""""@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him"" Great!""""@Bubble709_: @realDonaldTrump Praying for your family and your win in New York."" Thank you!"Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the votersBiggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!"""@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally.""  Great people, thank you!""""@WVTTS1017: @realDonaldTrump just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.""  Thank you!""""@autoprofessor17: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain""""""@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp, own the news cycle"""I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!"""@getreal1234: @realDonaldTrump @Kids123Nicholas @gqforbes @RepTomMarino let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump""""""@jlopez05391: @realDonaldTrump Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain"" A big crowd!""""@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.""""""@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard""""""@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).""""@governor_savage: @realDonaldTrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@Mutual408Grace: @realDonaldTrump @gene70 California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp, vote.""""""@Kids123Nicholas: @gqforbes  @RepTomMarino @realDonaldTrump.Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now."Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight"""@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016 🇺🇸""""""@AlexNightrasor: @realDonaldTrump @lilrachiepoo Trump will be our best president since Reagan!""""@lilrachiepoo: @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN""""""@RepaloneLori: @realDonaldTrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏"" Thank you.""""@redneckgp: All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate @realDonaldTrump that will put ALL OF YOU &amp, AMERICA FIRST  #trump""""""@RepMartinDaniel: We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!""""@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of @realDonaldTrump &amp, I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!"“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox"""@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica""""@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafort on @CNN regarding @realDonaldTrump path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino""""""@WPayton344: @PaulManafort Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!"""So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!"""@iamDaveK: @realDonaldTrump first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?""""""@Keeblerqueen: @RealRudyGiulian @realDonaldTrump Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!""""""@gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony"""Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"""@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love @realDonaldTrump's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS."Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp, all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!"""@GOPjenna: ""I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE."" And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016""""""@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about @realDonaldTrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE"I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp, economic threat facing the American people!The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!"""@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realDonaldTrump I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.""  Great!".@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!How come the @TODAYshow &amp, @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp, MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp, illegal imm!Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp, losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debatesAfter the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!"""@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!"""Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!"""@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7,546,980, @tedcruz 5,481,737, @JohnKasich 2,724,749"" A BIG DIFFERENCE"Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!"A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called ""leaders"" ever learn!""""@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%""  Thank you!"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit comingWhy can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp, children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solveHappy Easter to all, have a great day!My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the othersI am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobsNobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!"""@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realDonaldTrump @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP""""""@Tytan01: Dear @CNN, after doing a quick Google &amp, Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.""""""@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp,P: 1314.5% #Derp""""""@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy &amp, terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined."""Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!"""@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."""Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!"""@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all"" A dead show"Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time".@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM ""NO"""Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!"Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a ""hell hole"" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!"These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!"""@missi51: .@realDonaldTrump thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."""We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!"""@Kj11100Me: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.""""@tcsorr: @jphilman0206 @realDonaldTrump self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns Ted?""""""@DebraRakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016 🇺🇸"""MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp, now Lyin’ Ted &amp, others are copying me.Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp, get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.My heart &amp, prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!"""@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."""Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respectBig Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!"""@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"""So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!"""@GStephanopoulos: What’s @realDonaldTrump's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC."""The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon."""@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp, KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!".@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016"Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's ""all Trump, all the time."" The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!"""@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC""""@Ma1973sk: Actually, no @FoxNews, @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.""""@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump""""@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said ""wow"". I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!""""@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president, ""We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him"" #Trump2016""""@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling""""@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"""Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWatching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp, the most overrated person on tv.Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp, Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2"Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who ""choked"" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!"Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat HillaryClub For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Highly overrated &amp, crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!".@WSJ Editorial says ""Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692""-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize"The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debatingCrazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactorWow, just won Missouri!I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp, I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!"""@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.".@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!"""@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her""""""@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!"""I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp, over!"""@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.""""@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realDonaldTrump it's ridiculous"" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!""""@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.""""""@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.""""""@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight"""Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false."I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will ""sing"" again."In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrumpDon't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALLRubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!"""@mazzei48: @realDonaldTrump @BrazielCarol @FoxNews Listening to interview on replay of @A Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!!"" Thanks.""""@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that @realDonaldTrump will be the big winner tomorrow.""  Thank you!""""@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse."""Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainGov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrumpLook forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp, should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannelOhio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!"""@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"""Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No wayIt is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp, their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews"Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. ""I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better.""@RealBenCarson""""@JaredWyand: Let's be clear.. #NeverTrump is about ""Never someone we don't own"" You either play into it &amp, let them win or vote Trump.""""@adriparsonss: @The_Trump_Train @realDonaldTrump #Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!"" Thank you!"Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp, is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. pollThe negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming FloridaWe cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp, Twitter. Watch!All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do"""@Janetlarose1: @realDonaldTrump @FaceTheNation @jdickerson WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ❤ &amp,TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... #TRUMPDOG""""""@ChadRowland3:  @jdickerson @FaceTheNation A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain""".@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016#SuperSaturdayThank you Louisiana! #Trump2016#SuperSaturdayI will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrumpTo the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainWhy would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!Wow, big lines in Kansas.For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!)."""@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? #MorningJoe""  She is a major loser - no clue!""""@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump"Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!"""@blt21muttrades: People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA""""""@CreativeXwalk: @realDonaldTrump teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."""The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy winWhy did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?"I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of ""Trump"""Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!"Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big ""R"" win!""""@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"""Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp, Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS"""@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."""Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2).@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!"""@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM."" So true!"Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!"""@KinnardJan: @Itsjoeco @realDonaldTrump I took Trump University class and saved my home!"""Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp, his no show voting!The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me."""@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.""""@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday""""""@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.""""""@danpfeiffer: For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump""  So true!"Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016#SuperTuesdayMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesdayTrump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016"""@EmaGabi23: Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"""Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!"Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the ""puppet"" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!"Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY"The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to ""hit"" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful"While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida"""@ilduce2016: “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” – @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""""@JimmyTheSaint09: @realDonaldTrump @RonnieMemo @ChrisChristie anything is better than @marcorubio""""""@fairess369: It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.""""""@tiarardis: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @JudgeJeanine GO TRUMP""""""@RonnieMemo: DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is."" Governor @ChrisChristie"Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?"""@NeilTurner_: @realDonaldTrump There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump"" Thank you."I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!"""@SassyPantsjj: Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 @realDonaldTrump"" Wow!""""@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe @realDonaldTrump is best equipped to save the country. #Greta""""""@itsblakec: @realDonaldTrump Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.""""""@donnieboysmith: @realDonaldTrump in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak"" Thank you!"They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp, dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!"""@WaltSeher: @realDonaldTrump @morg25016893 @eventbrite yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump""""""@MJP1370: @realDonaldTrump Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !""""""@donell27743094: @realDonaldTrump trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said ""peed"" - is he still in junior high school.""""""@tdltdltdltdl:  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight""""""@SkylerDeckard: @realDonaldTrump ""that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before"" favorite line from tonights debate.""""""@restorereality: Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!""""@Slytle24: @davidaxelrod @realDonaldTrump @CNN he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-""""@morg25016893:  @eventbrite Also, all the things Rubio&amp,Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills."""Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp, didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!Why doesn’t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!"""@ChatteringTeef: @BornToBeGOP @realDonaldTrump @MittRomney hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic""""@classyexplorer:  @ahernandez85a Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!""""""@conservativevin:  @ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!""""""@Stevekwebb: @realDonaldTrump Love it! @tedcruz is done. We need someone who is proven. @realDonaldTrump will make America Great Again""""""@Ausbiz: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp, energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain""""@HosierN: @foxnewspolitics A vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!""""@ahernandez85a: @realdonaldtrump Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty""""""@GriceCindy: That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!""""""@ddpick18: @realDonaldTrump This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!""".@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNNWhen Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!"Why would Texans vote for ""liar"" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently"When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!"""@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016"" He's a fool"Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guyThe polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but trueIn all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp, invest in Nevada!"""@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp, gets it right"""I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past."""@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.""""@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election.""  Thank you Ed!"Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp, said no!"Ted Cruz does not have the right ""temperment"" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!"Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNewsThank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARGGreat poll! Thank you North Carolina! #VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!Trump 36%Cruz 18%Rubio 18%Carson 10%Kasich 7%Via @SurveyUSAJust watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIUTed Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!"""@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016""""""@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and @realDonaldTrump has won."I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!"""@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP""""""@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"""The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVEPeople (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)"""@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted @realDonaldTrump in the SC primary, let's make America great again!"""South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow itI wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!"""@Carolyn82471448: @WayneDupreeShow @realDonaldTrump All aboard the Trump Train!"""I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!"""@BirgitOlsen1: @realDonaldTrump @Justice41ca  @Vote_For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA""""""@FamilyRedsFans: @FoxNews is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass""  He is weak on illegal immigration!"Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!"""@rwalkerTennesse: #SouthCarolina If you want a job next January @Vote_For_Trump today. @realDonaldTrump will work for the people.""""""@dnmiller2000: @realDonaldTrump I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!"""MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from CalHopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp, should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp, be smart!I use both iPhone &amp, Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp, allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp, freedom for consumer.I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp, replace it w/ something much better.I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp, have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period."""@KathyTravels777:  ĺ @andersoncooper Tonight on CNN @realDonaldTrump was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"""Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!".@FoxNews is changing their  theme from ""fair and balanced"" to ""unfair and unbalanced."" But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!"New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home..@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews."Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I ""would never be president"" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!""""@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016"""Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon"""@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it.""".@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! #Colbert #LSSCJust sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSCNew PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp, never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINJeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in CanadaFunny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp, special interests - the bosses!Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp, special intsI will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!"""@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!"""Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!"""@jeffpaine:  @realDonaldTrump you crushed the debate! Thank you!"Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebateAll polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebateTed Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp, I hold liberal positions. LIES!Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp, Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight."""@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, &amp, take back our country""""@Elvisfan1976: @NRSC stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!""""@dj4k4000: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this.""""""@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45 @realDonaldTrump @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"""A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insightTotally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgainThe RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C."""@copyover2001: @realDonaldTrump   Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?""""""@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told ""natural born"" means - born on American soil""""""@hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice @realDonaldTrump We Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"" Thankyou."Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp, doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp, ill-informed ads.Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?"Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump &amp, Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage."" Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?"Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"""@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson"""Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest ""pushpolls"" on me. We are watching!"Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!"""@HARyder: Which is it @realDonaldTrump ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast."I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!"So funny, Jeb Bush called me a ""highly gifted politician and a great entertainer"" - I assume that is a compliment!"Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!"""@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long"Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!"ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our ""leader"" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results"New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!"I know the ""Governors"" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!""Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (""come as act of love""). Not a leader!"Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!"""@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: ""This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""""""""@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.""""""@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp, puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate""""@piersmorgan:  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, @David_Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate""""""@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure""""""@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making""""""@JoeNBC: Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights.""""""@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)""""""@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.""""""@GOP_Left_Me: @JoeNBC Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.""""@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.""""@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."""I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!"""@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.""""@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered""""""@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp, Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp, not owned candidate""""""@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio&amp,Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?""""""@lisabrossman:  @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!"""Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!"""@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity @realDonaldTrump is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN""""""@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.""""""@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump"" Thanks!""""@ericnlin: @AC360 DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016"""Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!"""@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trump’s talk materializes! He will make America great again"Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgainSuch great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days."""@rkswaney7: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp, you'll have this Democrats vote."""Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNNI will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.Thank you @billoreilly &amp, @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!"Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for ""deceit and dirty tricks and lies."""Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNewsBased on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified."And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and ""choice"" - a total lie!"The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. FraudMany people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNNAnybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!"""@stephbewitching @realDonaldTrump All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!""""""@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain""""""@ellenEspence @realDonaldTrump Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.""""""@93101Dianne @realDonaldTrump if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing""""""@LoreWestphal @realDonaldTrump You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!"""".@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"""I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowdThe media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp, Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honorMy experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. NiceIt all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrumpI will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000."By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing ""unfairness"" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS."Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp, replace. He lies!Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!"The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters ""in violation."" They are now under investigation. Bad!"I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!"""@gigglemitz: @GeraldoRivera  @FoxNews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!""""@classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @DRUDGE So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?""".@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @gretaThe great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp, would have broken the all time record.Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp, proudThank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebateWatching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!I hear that @SenTedCruz’s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?"""@GmoneyRainmaker: I hope @CNN has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @FoxNews. Watching Trump tonight #GOPDebate""""""@rkirchmeyer: So @megynkelly brings in #MichaelMoore to add credibility in her fight with @realDonaldTrump?  #FoxNews #ROGERAILES""""""@chgardens1: @mitchellvii Pathetic attempt to bribe @realDonaldTrump He can't be bought""""The ""debate"" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.""""@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible""""""@hollywoodJV: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country""  So true!"Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University."""@Rick_Gobbi: @realDonaldTrump ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.""  GREAT IDEA!""""@Plazzmatic: @realDonaldTrump @danpgabriel Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.""""@dukeofbc:  @megynkelly debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada""""""@CJCboi: @DRJAMESCABOT @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @Carolde @PlaysTrumpCard Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?""""""@Davejager1: @creta_r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.""""""@HenryOray: @CNNPolitics @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors""""""@splashpoint50: @realDonaldTrump Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!""""""@creta_r: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!"""On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!It was the childishly written &amp, taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp, dumbI refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying"""@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isn't on ur stage. @realDonaldTrump is the next president.""""""@AynsFriend: @bobvanderplaats CRUZ IS DONE @CNN @ChrisCuomo""""""@xXFlame: .@bobvanderplaats Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!"""I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy."""@laurencristmann:  @Sharp_Trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair"""I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!"""@Sharp_Trident: A huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.""""""@WhiteJacketPink: @MyPresidentme @realDonaldTrump just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.""""@DittoPost: @realDonaldTrump @Crusade4Honesty @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly I believe in Trump!!!""""""@Crusade4Honesty:  @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly  Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT""""""@JackBurtonReflx:  @jdenino1 @DavidWohl @ss I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.""""""@Belizediver88: @CNNSitRoom @CNN  @megynkelly It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump.""""""@KurtSchlichter: My pal @DavidWohl was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!"Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN"""@realDonaldTrump &amp, @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM"""Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITNCruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNNIt's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race"""@Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump""""""@red77angelluis: @realDonaldTrump @NeilTurner_ @YouTube LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!""""""@MrJuuon: #WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump.""""""@Knight276:  @C4Constitution trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #trump2016""""@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump""""@MaryAnn1942: @realDonaldTrump @CBSNews ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!""""@M0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @NBCNews @clewandowski Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD"""I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!"""@deacon6375: @realDonaldTrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain.""""@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb.""""@snoozinglion1: .@realDonaldTrump Great comment after last rally @rightside on @YouTube ""Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz."" #Excellent""""""@CarolBurnett3:  @AnnCoulter I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you"""Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!"""@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core"I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!"""@TheSouthwasRite: @NRO cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. @realDonaldTrump WILL be our next President. #Trump2016 #RNC"""Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp, is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp, never sold off assets.Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!"""@Lisa_Milicaj: Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they ""tried"" to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!""""After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name ""Bush"" in ads. Low energy guy!"The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate"Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, ""Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President."" Big problem""""@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump No sleep for the #TrumpTrain!""""""@realOllieTaylor:  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!"""Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!"""@AmericanAsPie:  @glennbeck @SarahPalinUSA Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!"""Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!"""@ron_fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)"" Wow, very nice!"“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp, Freedom Coalition."Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that ""Ted Cruz must be defeated."" Big shoker! People do not like Ted.".@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp, I really appreciate your words &amp, support. I will see you soon!Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016"""@pbralick: @BenKissel great on @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @JoNosuchinsky too""  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!"I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp, $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. HypocriteGreatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp, not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall StWhen will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!"Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a ""natural born Canadian,"" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?"Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!"Ted Cruz said he ""didn't know"" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable"Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you soMore radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct..@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!"""@GeraldoRivera @SenTedCruz got ass kicked by @realDonaldTrump last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp, has no answer to Natural Born issue"Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O."""@ameriflames: @realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!"""Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated."""@melindaross123: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!"""United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp, images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!Why does @CNN &amp, @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!"""@johnkurkosky: @Carolde @The_Lady_Colors  @DRJAMESCABOT @TamiDurling @AceofSpadesHQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP"""Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTUOn my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!"""@CLewandowski_: .@stuartpstevens --failed ""strategist"" who can't find clients criticizes winning #TeamTrump. Stop complaining &amp, try winning"Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemonDon't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBCFace The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp, racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had..@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you."Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says ""wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled)."South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.Love seeing union &amp, non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!"""@rlbenney: @realDonaldTrump You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!""""""@pink_sprnva: @pastormike7 @thehill I agree with you on this. @realDonaldTrump won't be good. He will be great!""""""@hofmannken: DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you"Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!Weak &amp, ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp, seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp,P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!"""@becker_berta: @longtalltexan20 Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies""""""@ArkaysDesign: @slone @realDonaldTrump Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!""""""@CompresPhyllis:  @seanhannity @FoxNews I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best""""""@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!""""""@kristopheryan11: @realDonaldTrump mr trump you were excellent on @seanhannity tonight""  Thank you!""""@Boazziz: . @DanScavino Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp, @realDonaldTrump Kingly.""""""@RubinsteinNel: @realDonaldTrump @pearl_brendan @dphilbs If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America.""""""@trumpy17: @realDonaldTrump gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!""""@pearl_brendan: @dphilbs if @realDonaldTrump doesn't win, I'm leaving this country #Trump4President""""""@longtalltexan20 @realDonaldTrump  I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!""""""@Lucky5713 @NewDay What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!"""I don’t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp, think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads."""@lilredfrmkokomo: @realDonaldTrump My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !!"" Great!""""@marybnall01: @realDonaldTrump watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!""""""@iLoveiDevices: @EdwinRo47796972 @happyjack225 @FoxNews @krauthammer  Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that""""@SalRiccobono: @realDonaldTrump @troyconway Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016""""""@Mark98z: @realDonaldTrump Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE""""@samuelghaddad: Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize @realDonaldTrump is the real deal!""""@thecybermenace: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight""""""@troyconway: Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!"""@RhettRiley1234: Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time."The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp, their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!"""@barbaraslavin1: @RuthMarcus @washingtonpost bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes""  She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!""""@TINAHILLSTROM1: @FoxNews @KatrinaPierson I love @piersmorgan &amp, @realDonaldTrump REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial".@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying".@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that ""attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before."" Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp, won!"Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp, if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening."""@MMMDigits: Well done #Biloxi....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at @realDonaldTrump event. Fired up and ready to go!!""""""@namusca: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  @DiamondandSilk #Trump is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.""""""@Granite_Hope: @brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made #ISIS a big problem"""Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!".@JebBush is a low energy ""stiff"" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!".@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!"""@codyraymille: I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. #trump2016""  Great!"I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it."""@CASuperrunner: @georgehenryw Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind @realDonaldTrump""  I agree!""""@MEMEoryHead: I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!""""""@JodiL792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp, sleep praying for you &amp, the USA!+Israel2""""""@marie7777777777: @realDonaldTrump we love u to Trump Family. God bless you."""Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!"""@sprinklermanus: @CNN @realDonaldTrump they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump""""""@jallenaip: Hillary said she was in a ""Fog of War"" as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!"""I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESMWhy would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts &amp, more?Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press,” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories &amp, reports a pure fiction!On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” @WSJ ReportMany reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp, its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtestsThe Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration &amp, ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp, Russia hoax!In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s &amp, a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief &amp, begging for forgiveness!Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp, Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!WOW, @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats &amp, Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a “Trumper,” and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG!The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews.FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS &amp, REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp, beautiful list.At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINWas @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp, politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp, Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist!Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted  “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriendsCongratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriendsThe reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp, Crooked-USED!Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns &amp, Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriendsMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...&amp, so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and “acid washed” 33,000 Emails? No justice!So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriendsThe Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews.@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!Theresa @theresamay, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp, Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp, corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannityAfter North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp, military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp, illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you run, you will win.” She would tell everyone that, “no doubt, he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal &amp, Replace right after Tax Cuts!Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey &amp, Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!@ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNewsWill be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!........LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @VarneycoMarshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp, 6 while she sleeps? .....Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp, benefits that will endure for years to come!Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸I am proud of the Rep. House &amp, Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp, reform.} We’re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair &amp, highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp, reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp, work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!"Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me ""old,"" when I would NEVER call him ""short and fat?"" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!"Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!I don’t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected &amp, disposed. We can do this!.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment........is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration........Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp, energy orders happening+++!The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp, law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trillGetting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp, the Philippines. Will never let you down!I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!"...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS ""much harder"" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!""ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was ""their soldier."" ....."Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp, Justice Dept.The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp, then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp, the Dems..My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrongJust spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government.......for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVERWouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts....."""Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems"" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends"We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends"The terrorist came into our country through what is called the ""Diversity Visa Lottery Program,"" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based."I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!"The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was ""no collusion"" and events mentioned took place long before he..."....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp, the Dems the focus?????Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!"All of this ""Russia"" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp, Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!"...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!"...""collusion,"" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's..."...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp, UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp, Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest....addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax CutsIt is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax CutsThank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!Wacky &amp, totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!Big news - Budget just passed!Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp, trade, two very important subjects!Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs"Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said ""a lot of my colleagues have spoken out."" Really, they just gave me a standing O!"Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business &amp, JOBSThe meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp, wounded!"""Clinton campaign &amp, DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President."" @FoxNews"So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good....the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp, look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp, couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp, Country.  No leadership in NFL!There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action &amp, vote R!Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first....."Just out, but lightly reported: ""Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market"" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics"Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!"Keep hearing about ""tiny"" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp, CBS?""Officials behind the now discredited ""Dossier"" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it."Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!"Great book just out, ""A Place Called Heaven,"" by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!""Just out report: ""United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror."" Not good, we must keep America safe!"....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!".@foxandfriends ""Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"""Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?"""46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp, his Administration."" @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!".@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp, also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history....people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many.."Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a ""product"" that never had a chance of working."So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!"I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, ""I hope so!"""The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp, companies are coming back to U.S.Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp, Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp, our great new Supreme Court Justice!The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp, The Paris Accord &amp, the fast....The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!"Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. ""We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history."""ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp, deductibles are way up!Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.Dems must get smart &amp, deal!Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crimeObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military &amp, the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend...."""Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making."" says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of....."Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!"Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a ""tenfold"" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!"It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRYThe Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp, soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp, the WALL!It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGAStock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and.....fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!"Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, ""The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's...."" Really good book!""With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have ""tanked,"" in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!"Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FASTThe problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!"A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag.""Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"""The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars &amp, getting nothing. Policy didn't work!"""The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters.....""   @nypost  Thank you!"Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, &amp, that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen....Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!"..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said ""NO THANKS."" He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!""Senator Bob Corker ""begged"" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said ""NO"" and he dropped out (said he could not win without..."Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp, be safe!.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?"Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very ""unfunny"" &amp, repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?"...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!"Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of ""Trump"" voters through campaign...."Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp, sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship."It is a ""miracle"" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!"I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail....Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man......for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp, support the people in their time of great need.Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #PRStrong🇵🇷My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...To the people of Puerto Rico:Do not believe the #FakeNews!#PRStrong🇵🇷Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard)."Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to ""get Trump."" Not fair to FR or effort!"The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed....want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job....Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp, P 500!Thank you to FEMA, our great Military &amp, all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!"Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: ""The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......"GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!"Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said ""great job!"""...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!FEMA &amp, First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food &amp, water delivered. Docks &amp, electric grid dead. Locals trying....The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill...But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaringFacebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) &amp, @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!With one Yes vote in hospital &amp, very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp, ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp, ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp, now! Thanks NSC Staff!Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGAThe NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on wayGreat interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea."Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for ""Big Luther."""But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great angerRatings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime &amp, border - will never let you down!...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....Texas &amp, Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp, massive debt, is in deep trouble..Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!#StandForOurAnthemThe White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp, reform.The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp, Replace and some Senators not there.Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp, Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!"Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a ""moment of courage."" Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!"Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp,  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. SadJohn McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp, Replace. Let Arizona down!Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!"The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media ""screaming"" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!"The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!"Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as ""the Republican who saved ObamaCare."""A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrongSenator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp, Replace."Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like ""Big"" Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders &amp, trade, loves Vets &amp, Military. Tuesday!""Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting ""Big"" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp, helpful to me!"I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp, Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the ""DEPLORABLES."""A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGAI spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help"I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. ""Big Luther"" is a great guy who gets things done!"Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp, nasty!The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp, use better!Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp, its people.Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp, its people...Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border securityDoes anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote."The ""deplorables"" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!"Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp, others.The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp, Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp, have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp, Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMAHurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.I am allowing Japan &amp, South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!Big week coming up!The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp, coordination!The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.Stock Market up 5 months in a row!Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp, women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp, women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!After witnessing first hand the horror &amp, devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngleLeaving now for Texas!HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!Major rescue operations underway!Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp, Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp, here to assist as needed.Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!"Nick Adams, ""Retaking America""  ""Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever."""Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake NewsIf Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp, Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally........(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally........didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!I requested that Mitch M &amp, Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp, go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp, border!Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp, we will heal, &amp, be stronger than ever before!Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, &amp, we will heel, &amp, be stronger than ever before!Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks SMy thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESMHeading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp, closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp, strong, we love you!...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGAPublicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp, white supremacists......Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp, Strategy &amp, Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp, Crime!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!@foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp, Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp, higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp, LOWER PRICES!Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp, Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp, law enforcement.Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!Deepest condolences to the families &amp, fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp, press conference on V.A. &amp, all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!We ALL must be united &amp, condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.#GES2017 @narendramodiMitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp, Replace, Tax Reform &amp, Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp, Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp, Replace ObamaCare!"Senator Mitch McConnell said I had ""excessive expectations,"" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp, Replace, why not done?"...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough &amp, decisive!I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was thereHow much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp, WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp, so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....The Trump base is far bigger &amp,  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp, jobs,border &amp, military security,ISIS &amp, MS-13 etc.United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night."Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation ""busting"" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp, reform!"....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.Toyota &amp, Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp, very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp, jobs will grow.Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUEOnly the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!"""Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now."" Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!"Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!A great day at the White House!Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp, it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp, why should Congress not be paying what public pays?Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp, Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp, more....they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet..."I love reading about all of the ""geniuses"" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA"Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp, Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!"After seven years of ""talking"" Repeal &amp, Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!"If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my AdministrationI am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American.......Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills &amp, budgets need 60 votes....If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!"...about then candidate Trump."" Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.""""One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information....."Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!"Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends ""....the most powerful T.V. show in America."""...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got........victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp, exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal &amp, Replace! I have pen in hand.Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp, the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp, DNC server) &amp, Intel leakers!"Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - ""quietly working to boost Clinton."" So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity"Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp, Replace after years of talking &amp, campaigning on it."Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into ""Russia,"" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!"So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp, Russia relations?"After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that ""Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia."""Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp, authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp, acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWSThis morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National SecurityA new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp, it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!"Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is ""sick."" All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!"The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp, Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp, worked really hard. We will return!Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp, work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp, highly slanted &amp, even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp, delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp, the women are playing great-should be very exciting!Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security..@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp, honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp, many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!".@WashTimes states ""Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump."""ISIS is on the run &amp, will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp, Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp, MS 13 gangs are being removed."Remember, when you hear the words ""sources say"" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist."My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp, obstruct!If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp, did!Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!"For years, even as a ""civilian,"" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!"Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp, Syrian problems are solved!...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp, FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....Putin &amp, I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, &amp, many other negative things, will be guarded.....We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp, North Korea.Law enforcement &amp, military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20SummitThe #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA🇺🇸Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp, President Moon of South Korea.My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?Really great numbers on jobs &amp, the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp, aluminum dumping!Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp, so much else!Will be speaking with Italy this morning!Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!The FAKE &amp, FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp, @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad showCrime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow....to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp, want victory for U.S.Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp, ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!"Wow, CNN had to retract big story on ""Russia,"" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!"Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, &amp, WIN!"From @FoxNews ""Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election.""  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!"Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp, burn!"..under a magnifying glass, they have zero ""tapes"" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp, no obstruction. I should be given apology!"The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia..."...and did not want to ""rock the boat."" He didn't ""choke,"" he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good."The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!"Obama Administration official said they ""choked"" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?"Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp, deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!"...whether there are ""tapes"" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings."With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp, Russia.Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!"Thank you @FoxNews ""Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."""Things are looking great for Karen H!While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp, China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAYDemocrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district."Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote ""R"""....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp, kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent........getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen HJay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch HuntDespite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp, jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them"After 7 months of investigations &amp, committee hearings about my ""collusion with the Russians,""  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!"Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp, had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp, they talk about obstruction?Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGAThey made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. NiceJust left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp, dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp, regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling &amp, energy sector...Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp, Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp, also Infrastructure!I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets....extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WHDuring my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!"Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his ""no reason to be alarmed"" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!".@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp, seek much tougher version!The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!"At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ""no reason to be alarmed!"""We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worseWhatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"The big story is the ""unmasking and surveillance"" of people that took place during the Obama Administration."I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp, even Dems &amp, DNC.I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp, replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!"...case against him &amp, now wants to clear his name by showing ""the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..."" Witch Hunt!"So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their...."Who can figure out the true meaning of ""covfefe"" ???  Enjoy!"Despite the constant negative press covfefeThe U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp, how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp, military. Very bad for U.S. This will changeI look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp, God bless the USA!North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp, demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp, Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp, Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!Big win in Montana for Republicans!Big win in Montana for Republicans! WeJust arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to  U.S.Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary."....""we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."""Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7TaorminaGetting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp, Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp, Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp, Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!I have been asking Director Comey &amp, others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community........to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp, terrorism.As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDayWill be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!WeChina just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?"James Comey better hope that there are no ""tapes"" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!""...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future ""press briefings"" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???"As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....The Fake Media is working overtime today!Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp, Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.Dems have been complaining for months &amp, months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp, jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When...."Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. ""Richie"" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For...."Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!"Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, ""I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer."" Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp"Biggest story today between Clapper &amp, Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!"Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is ""no evidence"" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump."Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp, why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp, deductibles - and be great healthcare!"I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the ""you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp, premiums will go down"" ObamaCare lie."""Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on........Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony..."either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good ""shutdown"" in September to fix mess!"The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp, deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....NewThe Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp, great optimism!Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!".@LouDobbs just stated that ""President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history""  Thank you Lou!"North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp, its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly."...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this ""judge shopping!"" Messy system.""Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ""ban"" case and now the ""sanctuary"" case is brought in ..."First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp, now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWallThe Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! IfThe two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp, NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp, 53% said strong leader.New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriendsVery interesting election currently taking place in France.I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they willNo matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp, it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th."Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG ""R"" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!"Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp, 2nd A.Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NOI will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!"With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote ""R"" for lower taxes &amp, safety!"The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!"A great book for your reading enjoyment: ""REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS"" by Michael J. Knowles.""""The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!"" So true. @foxandfriends"The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?Happy Easter to everyone!Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp, there will be lasting peace!I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirstGreat win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp, predicted victory!Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp, Tax Cuts (Reform).North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack....goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.".@FoxNews from multiple sources: ""There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented."" @FBI"Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?"Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. ""Spied on before nomination."" The real story."The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp, Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!"..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated."" If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.""Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: ""Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....""...use subsidies to buy health plans."" In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.""The failing @nytimes finally gets it - ""In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..""It is the same Fake News Media that said there is ""no path to victory for Trump"" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!"When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media &amp, Dems, of historic proportion!...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #ObamacareIf @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp, reform.If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp, reform.The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, &amp, fast. We must fight them, &amp, Dems, in 2018!If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!"...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian ""reset,"" praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!"Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp, Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp, Ocare!Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp, deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.Big day for healthcare. Working hard!What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at FoxThe real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp, lost!James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!...vast sums of money to NATO &amp, the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes....."North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been ""playing"" the United States for years. China has done little to help!"Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp, future mtgs!Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp, U.S. Already happening!Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!"Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, ""went to his mailbox"" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!"ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp, around the world.I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp, 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends"For eight years Russia ""ran over"" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends"Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp, construction jobs in the USA!Buy American &amp, hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.45,000 construction &amp, manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!Buy American &amp, hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!"Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, ""Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?"" @foxandfriends"Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great showHow low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!"Is it legal for a sitting President to be ""wire tapping"" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!"Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone."Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ""wires tapped"" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!"The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends"...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total ""witch hunt!"""...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story......intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!THANK YOU!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately &amp, fairly!"The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally ""rigged."" Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!"Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp, regulation cuts coming!The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!Going to CPAC!find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW"The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security ""leakers"" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......"Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp, Sweden.Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!"""One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!"" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest"The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @CNN, @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!"FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and ""sources,"" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!"The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!"The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ""intelligence"" like candy. Very un-American!"Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?"Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - ""The NSA &amp, FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is"" Very serious situation for USA"Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like RussiaThis Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp, @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. LWhile on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA &amp, YEMENThe crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp, others are being removed!A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the....."Our legal system is broken! ""77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries."" (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!""The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying ""Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14."" We spoke at length yesterday!""LAWFARE: ""Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute."" A disgraceful decision!"SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!"..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a ""failure."" Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!"...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so...."Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave ""service"" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!"Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem!The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp, sources!Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decisionWhat is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death &amp, destruction!When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp, out, especially for reasons of safety &amp,.security - big trouble!Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!"We must keep ""evil"" out of our country!"A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!"Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how ""kind"" President Obama was to them. Not me!"Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billionIran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)"If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the ""bad"" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad ""dudes"" out there!"There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp, Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONESTThr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp, little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!"If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible ""carnage"" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!"Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp, HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDayToday we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.."""It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!"" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham."Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!"""Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..."" @WSJ"to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp, others that jobs are coming back...Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!"""thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president."" Sound familiar! WP""John Lewis said about my inauguration, ""It will be the first one that I've missed."" WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...""country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing ""big stuff."""With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!"""@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class."""At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!"""@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency."" Very dishonest media!"Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?".@FoxNews ""Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand."" Oh really, couldn't do...".@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!"about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp, when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE."" Media should also apologize""Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, ""That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)..."For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon!The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!"INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS ""A COMPLETE FRAUD!""  @OANN"mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support."The ""Unaffordable"" Care Act will soon be history!"have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never....."released by ""Intelligence"" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!"Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaineJames Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!"""@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  ☀️☀️☀️Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!"" THANKS!"We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on"Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to ""leak"" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?""I win an election easily, a great ""movement"" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!"Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!"Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is ""A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE."" Very unfair!"FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp, Fiat C!It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after..."""groveling"" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!""Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never ""mocked"" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him......."Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp, starboth countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and...."Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only ""stupid"" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We....."Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp, Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp, Hillary"Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got ""swamped"" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for...."Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFOREHillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......"How did NBC get ""an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?"" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!"Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax."to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against ""Intelligence"" when in fact I am a big fan!"The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people.......time for Republicans &amp, Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp, FAR BETTER!"...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.""Keep you doctor, keep your plan!"" It is...."The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they.."Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the ""Movement"""massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass."Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have ""hacking defense"" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......"Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow"Julian Assange said ""a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta"" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!""The ""Intelligence"" briefing on so-called ""Russian hacking"" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!"I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTSWith all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it"The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said ""The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!"" - And, it is lousy healthcare.""People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it ""CRAZY"""General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp, wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and....."@CNN just released a book called ""Unprecedented"" which explores the 2016 race &amp, victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!"Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!....Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....It’s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn’t work. It does, and properly built, almost 100%! They say it’s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!I am the only person in America who could say that, “I’m bringing our great troops back home, with victory,” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound,” where drugs, criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I start getting out the Fake News Media, or some failed Generals who were unable to do the job before I arrived, like to complain about me &amp, my tactics, which are working. Just doing what I said I was going to do!If anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been reported by the media. Some areas will be all concrete but the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through (thereby making it possible to see what is happening on both sides). Makes sense to me!President and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!Veterans on President Trump’s handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%.  AP Poll. Thank you!“It turns out to be true now, that the Department of Justice and the FBI, under President Obama, rigged the investigation for Hillary and really turned the screws on Trump, and now it looks like in a corrupt &amp, illegal way. The facts are out now. Whole Hoax exposed. @JesseBWatters“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!2018 is being called “THE YEAR OF THE WORKER” by Steve Moore, co-author of “Trumponomics.” It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the “best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.”For those that naively ask why didn’t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad! @FoxNews...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard &amp, getting so little credit!Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall, they wouldn’t even try! The two.....Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!.....Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border..........The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or.....We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp, also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp, President who would approve!CNN &amp, others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first reported!This isn’t about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump &amp, the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed), and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supreme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.The Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting &amp, expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U.S. record!The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th Circuit allowed DACA to remain, thereby setting up a Supteme Court case. After ruling, Dems dropped deal - and that’s where we are today, Democrat obstruction of the needed Wall.Have the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking,Gang Members &amp, Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?Just returned from visiting our troops in Iraq and Germany. One thing is certain, we have incredible people representing our Country - people that know how to win!I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS!  #MAGAMerry Christmas!I am in the Oval Office &amp, just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, &amp, lives, will be saved!I am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U.S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The reporting has been inaccurate on the point. The problem is, without the Wall, much of the rest of Dollars are wasted!I never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market, they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &amp,  sending it to Iran as part of the horrific Iran Nuclear Deal (now terminated) approved by Little Bob Corker.....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I don’t like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade...Virtually every Democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a Border Wall or Fence. It was only when I made it an important part of my campaign, because people and drugs were pouring into our Country unchecked, that they turned against it. Desperately needed!President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of ISIS in Syria....and he is a man who can do it plus, Turkey is right “next door.” Our troops are coming home!“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!The most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our Southern Border. We need Border Security, and as EVERYONE knows, you can’t have Border Security without a Wall. The Drones &amp, Technology are just bells and whistles. Safety for America!Mitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best &amp, most productive of his career. Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships &amp, much more. Great!“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and he’s right...The generals still don’t get the mistake.”  @RandPaulThanks @RandPaul  “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different...that’s why he got elected.”.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!Senator Bob Corker just stated that, “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do, serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him.....We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!I just had a long and productive call with President @RT_Erdogan of Turkey. We discussed ISIS, our mutual involvement in Syria, &amp, the slow &amp, highly coordinated pullout of U.S. troops from the area. After many years they are coming home. We also discussed heavily expanded Trade.I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense starting January 1, 2019. Patrick has a long list of accomplishments while serving as Deputy, &amp, previously Boeing. He will be great!AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very important-but not when they take advantage of U.S.If anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home (happy &amp, healthy), that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House!  #MAGASenate adjourns until December 27th.I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless &amp, costly foreign wars &amp, also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.....going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!I am in the White House, working hard. News reports concerning the Shutdown and Syria are mostly FAKE. We are negotiating with the Democrats on desperately needed Border Security (Gangs, Drugs, Human Trafficking &amp, more) but it could be a long stay. On Syria, we were originally...Wishing Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg a full and speedy recovery!I’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!The Democrats now own the shutdown!General Anthony Tata, author, “Dark Winter.” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total support.Mitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!House Republican Vote, 217-185.The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all parts of the World in order to vote for Border Security and the Wall. Not one Democrat voted yes, and we won big. I am very proud of you!Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush......on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, &amp, technology.....Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said, last week live from the Oval Office, that the Republicans didn’t have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won, 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!General Jim Mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of February, after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure, tremendous progress has been made, especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp, billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying &amp, killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran &amp, other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp, bring our youth back home where they belong!Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!The Democrats, who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!....Russia, Iran, Syria &amp, many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria &amp, others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp, rebuild. #MAGA“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.”  @IngrahamAngle  So true, thank you Laura!Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”....In any event, it goes on and on &amp, the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda), does little else but rant, rave &amp, politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees, rent, salaries etc. Now, as usual, I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit started by.....We have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to Border Security and the Military, the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military, which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other, we will win on the Wall!In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military, it is being completely rebuilt. We will win.......This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-partisan passing of a historic Criminal Justice Reform Bill........It will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!The Democrats, are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a Concrete Wall - but we are not building a Concrete Wall, we are building artistically designed steel slats, so that you can easily see through it....Congratulations to @MarthaMcSally on her appointment by Governor @DougDucey as the Great new Senator from Arizona - I have no doubt she will do a fantastic job!Michael Isikoff was the first to report Dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the Dossier claims. The whole Russian Collusion thing was a HOAX, but who is going to restore the good name of so many people whose reputations have been destroyed?....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.”  Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp, DNC!Russia Dossier reporter now doubts dopey Christopher Steele’s claims! “When you get into the details of the Steele Dossier, the specific allegations, we have not seen the evidence to support them. There’s good grounds to think that some of the more sensational allegations.....Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names &amp, greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also, don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 B’s. Feel the market, don’t just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!Good luck today in court to General Michael Flynn. Will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendous pressure being put on him, about Russian Collusion in our great and, obviously, highly successful political campaign. There was no Collusion!Biggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover, Lisa Page, were purposely &amp, illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax, which is now under protest!Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers &amp, Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than ever–we stand with our Farmers!Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us, Paris is burning and China way down, the Fed is even considering yet another interest rate hike. Take the Victory!Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the party line. Time for us to save billions of dollars a year and have, at the same time, far greater safety and control!The DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hurts families badly. We have a chance, working with the Democrats, to deliver great HealthCare! A confirming Supreme Court Decision will lead to GREAT HealthCare results for Americans!....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, started as the “insurance policy” long before I even got elected, is very bad for our Country. They are Entrapping people for misstatements, lies or unrelated things that took place many years ago. Nothing to do with Collusion. A Democrat Scam!....a persecution of the President.”  Daniel Henninger, The Wall Street Journal. Thank you, people are starting to see and understand what this Witch Hunt is all about. Jeff Sessions should be ashamed of himself for allowing this total HOAX to get started in the first place!“It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of Rod Blagojevich and the @trish_regan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!Required television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of @RodBlagojevich and the @trishregan interview with a Jerome Corsi. If that doesn’t tell you something about what has been going on in our Country, nothing will. Very sad!The Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you don’t separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel &amp, Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, “there is no evidence or proof of collusion” &amp, further that “there is no evidence that there was a campaign financing violation involving the President.” Thank you Judge. @FoxNewsAt the request of many, I will be reviewing the case of a “U.S. Military hero,” Major Matt Golsteyn, who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNewsRemember, Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable &amp, unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally started. They BROKE INTO AN ATTORNEY’S OFFICE! Why didn’t they break into the DNC to get the Server, or Crooked’s office?So where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page, his lover. Just reported that they have been erased and wiped clean. What an outrage as the totally compromised and conflicted Witch Hunt moves ever so slowly forward. Want them!A REAL scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like NBC &amp, Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in courts, can’t be legal? Only defame &amp, belittle! Collusion?Wow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. Such a big story that will never be covered by the Fake News. Witch Hunt!The pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard, run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who, like many others, never had a clue), is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton &amp, the DNC, seldom get reported. Too bad!.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......Wow, but not surprisingly, ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!For the record, there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney, Director of the Office of Management &amp, Budget, will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing General John Kelly, who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration........Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with North Korea - I always reply by saying we are in no hurry, there is wonderful potential for great economic success for that country....China just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!Just did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews, airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!....She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell, our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horrible term, that person would be banned permanently from television....WITCH HUNT!They gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!..........guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel,” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......I often stated, “One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly &amp, anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!.@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.“I don’t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” -Chris SweckerJames Comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow Democrats to take back the White House in 2020. In other words, he is and has been a Democrat. Comey had no right heading the FBI at any time, but especially after his mind exploded!Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, don’t want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please report news correctly. Thank you!Very productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some important announcements!Great job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expert!....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how important it is!.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer &amp, Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built.......however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way............Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier &amp, less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections &amp, fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,.....Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls &amp, Fences, or Border Patrol Officers &amp, Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” @LouDobbs  Details on Tuesday night.James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been started!....which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers, a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence, &amp, we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!On 245  occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know, didn’t recall, or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!....left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers....Very sad day &amp, night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!“This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring....The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.Totally clears the President. Thank you!It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people, save taxpayer dollars, and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!Mike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert, Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State, will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather, and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done, but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.China talks are going very well!...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report, &amp, also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly), Comey, Brennan, Clapper, &amp, all of the many fired people of the FBI, be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC &amp, Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant), be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of.........overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial &amp, many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton........Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives, took down great companies, only to be........Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way, wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...Arizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Trish_Regan:  “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel), to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals.” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_ReganStatement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!@jimcramer “This is the best number I’ve ever seen in my life.”Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very important help of my campaign Rallies, WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE, 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges &amp, others. Big Republican Win!My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need, we are here for you. @IIIMEFWithout the phony Russia Witch Hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, Judge’s, Military, Vets, etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbsHopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug,” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!.....China had agreed to start “immediately” buying U.S. products.” @business“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans &amp, Liquified Natural Gas, the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that...........China does not want Tariffs!We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future........in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen, and it probably will. But if not remember,......The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin, Larry Kudlow, Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp, precision of the last two days have been remarkable!Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!GREAT JOBS REPORT!“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence.“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp, ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get.....We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!I am certain that, at some time in the future, President Xi and I, together with President Putin of Russia, will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World, and that is what China wants. Farmers, I LOVE YOU!My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.....However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!Just signed one of the most important, and largest, Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States, Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds, I decide to run for President &amp, continue to run my business-very legal &amp, very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.”  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don), perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!".@DBongino’s new book, ""Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,"" is terrific. He's tough, he's smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!"....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it, #TRUMPONOMICS.....@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 (is that possible?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan &amp, Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event, it is being studied now!The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here.....While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts &amp, they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp, acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp, China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies, including....Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it won’t be Mueller and his...The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp, viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue........starts today, election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders, Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting........and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are, GREAT!While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp, Mueller knows it!When Mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”(whatever happened to Podesta?), and will he be putting in statements from.....Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!....children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....I’m draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry, we will win!Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew McCarthyEurope has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp, he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!Mississippi, Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border, or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo, Mississippi, on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith, who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border, Crime, Military, our great Vets, Healthcare &amp, the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past, with big vote, in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!Republicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp, to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!....and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp, total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79%, &amp, is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!“It’s a mean &amp, nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, &amp, one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S., big Jobs &amp, Oil!You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have “Obama judges,” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary,” but if it is why......Great new book out, “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but let’s go lower!AMERICA FIRST!So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp, they never told us he was living there. Fools!..From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp, Wall NOW!The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy, @RepLaMalfa, and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA, along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote....Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory, she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought &amp, fought &amp, fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate, and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House, were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page &amp, her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage &amp, genius. God Bless you all!Not seen in many years, America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp, big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp, big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!........On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp, Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT&amp,T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie GasparinoThe California Fire Fighters, FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!.....of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!.....hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly, which it hasn’t, on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection,........Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!These California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in particular that one, which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst, Senator @ChuckGrassley, Ambassador @TerryBranstad, Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!Just out — in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number,” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry, Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been reported dead. Likewise, the shooter is dead, along with the first police officer to enter the bar........We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice, will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....According to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very well. Those that did not, say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win, and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!.@DavidAsmanfox  “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks, I agree!....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, he’s got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein, “The Capitalist Code”“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp, campaigner. The Republicans are.........Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!Florida, very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!Bob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, &amp, stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words, Nelson is a “stiff.”Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp, VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote, controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp, Vets!John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!New Fox Poll shows a “40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans.” Thank you, a great honor!.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!In all the time I’ve been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!New York, get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriendsA vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone (big secret), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!Wow! The U.S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!....His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!.@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong, smart, and has been successful at everything he has ever done....The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects, with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship, something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this, Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!“Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman @FoxNewsThe World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!....Harry Reid was right in 1993, before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) “stuff.” Don’t forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!So-called Birthright Citizenship, which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words “subject to the jurisdiction thereof.” Many legal scholars agree.....Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt, were unable, or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border, but won’t!Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!....Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big....Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.“If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think we’re going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that we’ve had for the S&amp,P 500.” Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes &amp, Open Borders!Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State &amp, Country. Strong Endorsement!Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!.@ErikPaulson, @JasonLewis, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!Congressman @DenverRiggleman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!.@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNewsCheck out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People.” Wrong! I said that the “Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People,” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news. The Fake News Media, the true Enemy of the People, must stop the open &amp, obvious hostility &amp, report the news accurately &amp, fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake &amp, Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp, stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanineWatching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose &amp, dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriendsI want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, “it’s just not Presidential!”.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!.@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!.@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!...I agree with their stance 100%, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, &amp, when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act, FAST!Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones, and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important, get out and VOTE for Brian!We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.Stock Market up 548 points today. Also, GREAT jobs numbers!Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment, John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp, unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!Jay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!....I say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? — But I still like them!The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low....Big Night In Texas!!!!Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.Sadly, it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!Congressman Tom Reed of New York’s 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldn’t we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-k’s!Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first, and if they fail to do that, the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!Watched North Dakota’s Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin, you will be a great Senator!All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration &amp, will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet, really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp, Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst &amp, most corrupt cities in USA!Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp, Nancy, call me!Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!#JobsNotMobs!Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi &amp, Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester &amp, Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldn’t care less about our Country!Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they don’t, they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also, Democrats will destroy your Medicare, and I will keep it healthy and well!...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect.Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with...Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in Washington. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS, from entering Mexico to U.S.....Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush &amp, me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades, actually). That’s why they will be voting for me!Republicans must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the Border, a part of the Midterms!Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans, that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.” @foxandfriendsAugust job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. O’Rourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!Watched the debate last night &amp, Beto O’Rourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same league with Ted Cruz &amp, what the great people of Texas stand for &amp, want. Ted is strong on Crime, Border &amp, 2nd A, loves our Military, Vets, Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness, which is promise keeping, he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen, WPostElizabeth Warren is being hammered, even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country!We have today informed the countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens, or others, to journey through their borders and up to the United States, with the intention of entering our country illegally, all payments made to them will STOP (END)!I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., right after the great Lou Dobbs!WOW, John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State, and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help, if anything, a major hindrance. John James is a star, I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!...during the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly expand, a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr, whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier, and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT), is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get (FAKE) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth.” Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?“Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees.” @FoxNews Great, now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me, a total con!Incredible number just out, 7,036,000 job openings. Astonishing - it’s all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also, Strong Profits. We are Number One in World, by far!For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia, for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.” @FoxNews  @cvpayneThe United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras, no more money or aid will be given to Honduras, effective immediately!“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border.” @FoxNews  The  Washington Examiner States, “Finally, the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” (amazing con), and would not have taken her otherwise!Pocahontas (the bad version), sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren, is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024, far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her, “DNA test is useless.” Even they don’t want her. Phony!Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!On our way to Florida and Georgia!Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place, everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm &amp, Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben ShapiroI will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M., after NFL game. Enjoy!Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner!NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual, dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office, great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd &amp, spirit! Just returned to White House.Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets &amp, 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us, only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime, borders, big tax &amp, reg cuts, Military &amp, Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH“From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.”  Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews   Very cool!There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was, however, great appreciation on behalf of the United States, which will lead to good, perhaps great, relations between the United States &amp, Turkey!Pastor Andrew Brunson, released by Turkey, will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P.M. (this afternoon). It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President @RT_Erdogan for his help!Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS, Melania, on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie, Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC, CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Don’t worry, the Failing New York Times didn’t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!.@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichaelHurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, parts of Georgia, and unfortunately North Carolina, and South Carolina, again...Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am.Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words, they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFLYou don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny, looks like about 200 people (&amp, most are onlookers) - that wouldn’t even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally, or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big, &amp, it’s not!I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!I have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #TroublemakersJust made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!Our country’s great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp, despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @VarneycoThe Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING!Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.Happy 7th birthday to Tristan, a very special member of the Trump family!News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many......Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats, who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay, are starting to put out the word that the “time” and “scope” of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them, it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!Like many, I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told “no”), was great. He’s leading the charge!NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh, and witnesses, only to certain people. Actually, I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate, at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines, but will be great!Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!Just started, tonight, our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting. Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay, obstruct, and resist. The Senate must vote!Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart, he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSCRush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  GallupOur Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever, with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!Brett Kavanaugh and his wife, Ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoodsNew Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp, Resist &amp, Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!Senator Feinstein and the Democrats  held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp, Resist &amp, Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General.....The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date, time, and place!Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd, long lines. Will be great! #MAGA...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home, they may Rest In Peace, and hopefully their families can have closure.Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, North Carolina, are the first American remains from...Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!🇺🇸🇯🇵.@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!S&amp,P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA!I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction.” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.“We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 Court of Appeals Judges....We protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are, start looking - but also remember, our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!“North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.” @FoxNews....it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4%, and I expect it’s going to grow faster and faster. We’re just getting started here.” Peter Ferrara, former advisor to President Reagan. @foxandfriends“The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3%, even though they said.........returned home to the United States. Also, North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters, and others, are watching, and studying, the Democrats Playbook....that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but that’s what they do, and everybody knows it!Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100% correct. But don’t be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting........China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.........campaign, which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!“What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept from the court, there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirstImmediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow, a conspiracy caught?“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be “Tariffed!”“A lot of small &amp, medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter MoriciConsumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, #TrumpTime!Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media, often referred to as the Fake News Media, hates to discuss the real facts!Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. A must see!FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we don’t have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller &amp, the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!.@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime, the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!Thank you Brock – it is my honor!“We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” Administrator @FEMA_BrockWhen President Obama said that he has been to “57 States,” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!“When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria.” The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, “3000 PEOPLE KILLED.” They hired....Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!“The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup, rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.”  @EdRollins   “The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.” @LouDobbs“They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?”  @GeraldoRiveraIncredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp, making products at home. If we meet, we meet?.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000...“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built)......”It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrettMore text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp, DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp, is a poor public speaker &amp, nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!“I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee, ChairmanHurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready, be prepared!Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico, even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp, that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” @LouDobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump, we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.”  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!....giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....”  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?“You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........17 years since September 11th!Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.” @LouDobbsNew Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.”  @FoxNews  So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp, Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI &amp, DOJ, the Hillary campaign, foreign spies &amp, Russians, incredible.” @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbsJust had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7.My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember, it’s the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing &amp, lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!“It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp, everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle, Washington ExaminerThe White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.North Korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. “Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump......Wow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.” CNBC...Also, the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!If the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.” CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason ChaffetzThe Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I’m all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe they’re just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020!Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars, @DiamondandSilk, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos, @nytimesApple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGAWe are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!“To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbsDave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!What was Nike thinking?Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp, does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, &amp, will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp, Vets!Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?“The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and they’re extraordinary!”  James Freeman - Wall Street JournalCosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “It’s the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, that’s unnerving his detractors.” @MariaBartiromoThe Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - &amp, they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices &amp, maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn him/her over to government at once!TREASON?Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I’m tough as hell on people &amp, if I weren’t, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody &amp, everything-which is why I got elected!Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?The already discredited Woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retarded” and “a dumb southerner.” I said NEITHER, never used those terms on anyone, including Jeff, and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck, they’ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They’ve gone all out, and I WON, and now they’re going CRAZY!The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime, the Border, and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean, angry, and despicable the other side is. They will say anything, and are only....Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It wasn’t about Trump, he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet.”  Rigged Witch Hunt!I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad, but the “center &amp, right” loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown &amp, so many other greats, even more.......“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp, Fusion GPS, &amp, where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp, the FBI, &amp, when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” @GreggJarrett“There’s no fairness here, if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller &amp, Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriendsThere is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp, we will be far better off...There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp, we will be far better off......Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state.”  Dan Bongino“You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent..........of the DOJ &amp, FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatchReport: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page, it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ &amp, FBI. The leadership....I love Canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJTStill can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, the 2nd Amendment, &amp, loves our Military &amp, Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military &amp, Vets. Will be a big night!I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!Ivanka Trump &amp, Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they only have their hatred &amp, agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!What’s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, &amp, AT&amp,T should fire him to save credibility!...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp, FBI in there, &amp, if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, it’s FAKE NEWS!CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News...differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong....of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes, and other......considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with...How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!When you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction!“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp, corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson  DOJNot only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp, many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp, DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNewsOur new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp, others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp, cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp, others, so that almost all stories &amp, news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp, Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of....I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp, others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp, cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp, others, so that almost all stories &amp, news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp, Fair Media  is shut out. Illegal?  96% of...Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida....Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!A big deal looking good with Mexico!The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimesFantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNewsBig story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!.@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirstCongratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp, his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp, documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails, Comey lies &amp, leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr......Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, &amp, when our Trade Deals are made, &amp, cost cutting done, you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNewsI have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNewsThe only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to “break” - make up stories in order to get a “deal.” Such respect for a brave man!If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGATo the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders &amp, 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp, Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp,  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp, do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp, Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp, potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military &amp, Vets-has my total Endorsement!It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.”  @FoxNewsWill Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  “Justice” Department? A total joke!Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp, the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crooked’s Emails!....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp, his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp, since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp, some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good &amp, bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp, absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp, MSNBC, &amp, yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don’t watch at all..Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others...........financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp, Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp, fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp, Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp, fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly, mistake!Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly, mistake!The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends“John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, “Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, &amp, go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp, go to a six month system,” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp, save money. I have asked the SEC to study!.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach......”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs“Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp, DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true, a total Fake!“Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp, Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp, discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp, whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp, investment), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low &amp, business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannityMark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians &amp, are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp, trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.”  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters!“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.”  Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director.The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriendsCongratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.”  Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriendsGreat Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!“They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriendsAnother terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch, I couldn’t have said it better myself!....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp, his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this.......such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp, total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp, DOJ gets longer &amp, longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp, would constantly miss meetings &amp, work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp, nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....“Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side, everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field, or better..@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, &amp, perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A..@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, &amp, used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob, I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife, Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp, discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp, the DNC....I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people..........Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp, policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp, has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!.....Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love.......@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later.”Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”@LindseyGrahamSC  “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!Space Force all the way!This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier, FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton &amp, the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” @GrahamLedgerRED WAVE!Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support!As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason), they will win! I LOVE the people, &amp, they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular, your favorite President!5 for 5!Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGAThe Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!California wildfires are being magnified &amp, made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen!Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires, farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp, total Endorsement! Strong on Crime, Border &amp, Military. VOTE TUESDAY!Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....California wildfires are being magnified &amp, made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come,Tax them. If they don’t want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth.....The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp, distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp, sick!...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!Heading to Ohio!....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way..........Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders &amp, your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border &amp, loves our Military, Vets &amp, 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP,” going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFiveNASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNewsMarsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp, great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp, borders &amp, an inspiration to our Military &amp, Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp, total endorsement!Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp, starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp, Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington PostLooking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number One,” or Paul Manafort, political operative &amp, Reagan/Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington PostRussian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ....“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to...........Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown....@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp, has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Has my Full &amp, Total Endorsement!I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesn’t seem to make much sense!Collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNewsRush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, I’m for America First &amp, the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks &amp, more. I made.....A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp, Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp, real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp, contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp, Comey is his close friend..There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times......accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch &amp, Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp, how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, “Enemy of the People.” Sad!Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp, WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp, public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp, President Trump, that’s just a stone cold fact!”The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!.@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!95% Approval Rate in the Republican Party, a record! Thank you!....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un....called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!.@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant &amp, successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous &amp, peaceful. Great job, @VP, @SecPompeo, @IRF_Ambassador &amp, @StateDept!Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love &amp, respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp, Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they won’t!On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #WorkforceI’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember, we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,as the saying goes, better late than never!....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages....A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me (always anonymous sources), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!.....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly &amp, falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp, DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!.@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign...” ILLEGAL!Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.”  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!Looking more &amp, more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp, Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets &amp, 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full &amp, Total Endorsement!Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with @MikePenceVP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends!Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp, perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season/no pay!I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp, vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp, we are raising rates - Really?China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M.“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs.A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp, father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. @RepKevinYoder has my full and total endorsement!Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!“A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.”  @foxandfriends  @kilmeadeCongratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?”While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!Thank you @RandPaul, you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?”Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, &amp, did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp, future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp, rich!Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp, over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military &amp, Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp, is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNewsBillions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp, Barriers)!Pfizer &amp, others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp, others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp, elsewhere. We will respond!The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp,, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M....Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: @USNavyThe U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp, now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta &amp, so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp, that the only Collusion was with the Dems!Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp, that the only Collusion was with the Dems!Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT,” and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our........The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp, they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law &amp, Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great AgainI will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNewsWhen people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one, but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, “The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil &amp, disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 &amp, clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp, DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg, and you’re looking and doing great!Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremerRussia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp, SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I’m not going anywhere!Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmasterSUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew NapolitanoThe face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp, unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGAThe hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp, DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGACongresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp, FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp, that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp, said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers &amp, Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well....everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York TimesThe National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.”  This is the best number in the Association’s history!The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp, its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime &amp, big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp, has my full Endorsement!Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp, the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp, because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart,” without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.“I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGAWhat is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGAI will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp, was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp, to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp, nasty laws, which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They can’t win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country!Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!pComey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!CHANGE THE LAWS!Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp, Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp, Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions &amp, millions of lives!Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, &amp, more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.”  Witch Hunt!Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home &amp, much more!The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch &amp, Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!“Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton &amp, Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I won’t settle this case!...So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!A year ago the pundits &amp, talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t......Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummitHeading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing...Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp, losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black &amp, Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers &amp, Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest &amp, weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!...Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough....U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers &amp, companies. Take down your tariffs &amp, barriers or we will more than match you!Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy — hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!When will people start saying, “thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?”Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp, Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Let’s face it, he’s a Flake!When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea &amp, the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuffChris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp, corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi.In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem &amp, more great music today at 3:00 P.M.We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp, others) continues into the mid-terms!“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.....We had Repeal &amp, Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp, Right to Try!This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, Military &amp, Vets, Lower Crime &amp, Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy &amp, Jobs EVER, and much more...Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole &amp, many others over the years), but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldn’t have been hired!As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me!Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true!When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (&amp, gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, he’s a liar about being a liar.”  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp, Lumber in U.S.?Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!FAIR TRADE!Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!Very good meetings with North Korea.Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), into my campaign! Surveillance much?Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders &amp, Crime, loves our Military &amp, our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me, and never did!....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated &amp, dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp, women WON, I’m President!Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous.” Mollie HemingwayWe have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp, women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp, WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp, those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI &amp, Russia?This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldn’t matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp, Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date....but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals &amp, must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp, raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp, Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATEClapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!WITCH HUNT!There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriendsSPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew NapolitanoLook how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....China must continue to be strong &amp, tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama &amp, the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck &amp, I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp, offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp, boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp, me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals,” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.”  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters,” but that’s the way it is!Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGALou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGACongratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.Big day for Israel. Congratulations!U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp, @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp, see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp, hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, &amp, successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT&amp,T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp, then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp, Place set.Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers,” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp, all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldn’t we win?John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp, Women are forgotten no longer!The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting BackMy highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness.Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work &amp, is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction....very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova, former US AttorneyThere was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp, trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp, ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwampNumerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North &amp, South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegsethGreat evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in, I cherish you....and will be back!Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGASecret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black &amp, Hispanic unemployment in history).Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriendsKOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp, Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)?Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade..@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent..@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALLHard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!A complete Witch Hunt!“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything &amp, they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, &amp, no more testing!“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp, Disgusting News to create ill will!James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch &amp, others?Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp, respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use........it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp, respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp, breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp, Safety NOW!While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 &amp, more?Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp, LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNewsSpeaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp, Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp, Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp, Larry K on board. I (we) areThe Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!Attorney–client privilege is dead!When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp, a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true, just another hit job!The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job!“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorldWhile Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp, Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp, Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN, NBC, ABC &amp, CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp, Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESSSo sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp, Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!HAPPY EASTER!Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned,” and that...I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state &amp, local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs........release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws.....@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp, fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!Because of the $700 &amp, $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp, Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp, will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment......They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because........there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDayThe Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice &amp, State. #DrainTheSwampAndrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp, Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGAToday the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp, we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmericaPerhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp, violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday....have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp, Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp, tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled &amp, amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big &amp, happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime &amp, border. Loves 2nd A &amp, VETSSpoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGAKim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp, build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp, Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies &amp, leadership. Must win again!  #MAGAWill be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp, go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp, jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp, fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!Jobless claims at a 49 year low!Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!Many ideas, some good &amp, some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp, spectrum of issues.”Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.WITCH HUNT!“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum ShowI will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony!“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp, have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp, very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.CPAC Today!MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police &amp, first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp, @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able toQuestion: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!Bad ratings @CNN &amp, @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp, waste money!Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job, jobs, jobs!Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, R’s want to fix!....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!“The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations &amp, Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch, and has my full support and endorsement!Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromoGreat Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp, Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts....lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesn’t build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp, smart, loves Pennsylvania &amp, loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp, Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGARepublicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!....agencies, not just the FBI &amp, DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp, understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @ColtsSo disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp, File are great people!The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18.Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp, Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp, a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp, release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp, Security reasons.DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGAWill soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdownEarlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp, Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.’s!Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, &amp, ISIS, Judicial Strength &amp, Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp, ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!#AMERICA FIRST!For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military &amp, Veterans!Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp, Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water.....ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!New report from DOJ &amp, DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriendsDo you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military....to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST &amp, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want........big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRSTDACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military....and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un,” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.AMERICA FIRST!The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown,” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain &amp, Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery &amp, Chain. USA!Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp, yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp, the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The Anti-Bengahzi!Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter, &amp, possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on @foxandfriends.The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.Academy Award winning actor (and great guy!) @jonvoight is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit, Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ (one of the best ever boxing movies), &amp, many others, Jon delivers BIG. Also, LOVES THE USA!“Pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat’s impeachment case.” @GreggJarrett @FoxNews...&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!....&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipartisan....“The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp &amp, simple was the key, and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe, which is absolutely unbelievable, and shows they don’t care about....“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.”  @AlanDershWhat the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” @AlanDersh  @seanhannity  @dbongino l agree, and so does the public!STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp, lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp, Speakership once, &amp, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, &amp, Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!........What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp, lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp, Speakership once, &amp, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Inpeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, &amp, Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for &amp, provided a Fake Dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media &amp, Dirty Cops, &amp, have now been caught. They spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate, but bigger!Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate, but striped away all Due Process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the USA. Additionally, we got Border Wall (being built) funding. Nice!Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry (@MacTXPress) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career, and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year, Mac! @HASCRepublicansMy Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need. #RuralProsperityHonored to finally put an end to the “Widow’s Tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly, and close to home.“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.”  @IngrahamAngleI will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans, raises smocking age to 21! BIG“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.” @IngrahamAngle“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou!“This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It’s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.” Ben DomenechI got Impeached last might without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles &amp, not deliver them to the Senate, but it’s Senate’s call!SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!!....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly &amp, avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R’s)!....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters &amp, Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up...I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media, and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our military rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they’re........of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.........of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,........impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our militsry rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they’re....“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election.@seanhannity, who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M., @foxnews, stated about the Impeachment Hoax, “This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95%, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony Witch Hunt, that started 3 years ago!The @foxnewPolls, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” @charliekirk11  Impeachment Hoax!“There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.” @JudgeJeanine @RepMikeJohnsonSo now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow, but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.” Then go on to talk about “Country” and “U.S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!  #MAGAKAG #2020As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. @MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!Both Commiecast MSNBC &amp, Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag &amp, totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, &amp, also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He &amp, the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” @Jason_Meister....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have....“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was....“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” Jason Meister“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was...........absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, @BrettKavanaugh, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! @robertjeffress @LouDobbs“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” @LouDobbsIt’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!“This whole process has been rigged from the start.”  @RepDLesko.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!Record Stock Market &amp, Jobs!How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V.A. (Choice!), cut Taxes &amp, Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and soooo much more? Crazy!Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.” @marklevinshowThe Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!“New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.” @foxandfriends  I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don’t even allege a crime. Crazy!Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  #MAGAWow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.” @SenTedCruzJust received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City, NJ. Our thoughts &amp, prayers are w/ the victims &amp, their families during this very difficult &amp, tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local &amp, state officials on the ground.Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA, not me!Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He’ll eventually have to answer for this!WITCH HUNT!Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.” Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President &amp, Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there “WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!America’s great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers, Manufacturers, Energy, Unions - tremendous support. Importantly, we will finally end our Country’s worst Trade Deal, NAFTA!To Impeach a President who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done NOTHING wrong, is sheer Political Madness! #2020Election“I can’t remember anything quite like this (the I.G. Report).” @brithume @BretBaierI don’t know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading, but it sure wasn’t the one given to me. With that kind of attitude, he will never be able to fix the FBI, which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men &amp, women working there!....in a very long time. The FBI has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. This was VERY SERIOUS MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE FBI.” @brithume @BretBaier  Are you listening Comey, McCabe, lovers Lisa &amp, Peter, the beautiful Ohr family, Brennan, Clapper &amp, many more?“You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report, they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this, a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. It’s about as strong a medicine as I’ve seen in a report of this kind...Read the Transcripts!“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.” @MariaBartiromo“No president in American history has been treated like this.” @marklevinshow“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal.....American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi.” @DanHenninger  The Wall Street Journal“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, &amp, now the.....I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” @DebbieLesko @edhenryI got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U.S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!Don’t get why @FoxNews puts losers on like @RepSwalwell (who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting), Pramila Jayapal, David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn’t let @FoxNews get near their bad ratings debates, yet Fox panders. Pathetic!....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but it’s going to go to the Senate,.......Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of @exxonmobil.” Thank you Ted. He also  made a fortune from China and others, but zero before his father became V.P. @MeetThePress.@SenTedCruz  “The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime, they can’t prove a law was violated, and here’s why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game, change the rules!....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!@KimStrassel “Schiff’s surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power.”  To put it mildly. Also, it is illegal!The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” @PeteHegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa BoothOur Economy is the envy of the World!Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say “us” (our Country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create it. STOP!Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants #USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you @BetsyDeVosED, @SenAlexander, and @SenatorTimScott for your leadership...Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However, at the request of a man who I like and respect, and has worked so well with us, President Andres Manuel @LopezObrador_ we........The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola, Florida....Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida, and spoke to @GovRonDeSantis. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! #2020@HeyTammyBruce “This seems personal. That it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. This has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them, who has had victory where they have not had victory, and has exposed the problem with the Leftists.”“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.” @MariaBartiromoStock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone, Dow up 18.65%, S&amp,P up 24.36%, Nasdaq Composite up 29.17%. “It’s the economy, stupid.”Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “sources say” stories. Do not believe them!Where’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?The story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, Fake News!Republican Approval Rating = 95%. Thank you!Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she “prays for the President.” I don’t believe her, not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?....This will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of Impeachment will be used routinely to attack future Presidents. That is not what our Founders had in mind. The good thing is that the Republicans have NEVER been more united. We will win!The Do Nothing, Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff,” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the Ukrainian President.........trial in the Senate, and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff, the Bidens, Pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to “Clean the Swamp,” and that’s what I am doing!The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. Therefore I say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair....Tremendous things achieved for U.S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country, no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U.S. increase, other countries have already increased by $130 Billion-with $400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!When I said, in my phone call to the President of Ukraine, “I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it.” With the word “us” I am referring to the United States, our Country. I then went on to say that.......@NATO has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land, air, sea, and SPACE!The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders, even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more, &amp, $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S., only deep respect!....When today’s meetings are over, I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% GOALS, followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U.S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year, and by 2024, that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before....Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom at @10DowningStreet last night. Talked about numerous subjects including @NATO and Trade.I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!Thank you to @BuckMcNeely1 and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!New Stock Market Record today, AGAIN. Congratulations USA!...love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, &amp, I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise, I would....The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that, I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected....When the Military rips down an old &amp, badly broken Border Wall in an important location, &amp, replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel &amp, Concrete Wall, Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong, and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks! @FoxNewsI will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS &amp, killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall.” Jason Meister @FoxNews“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngleAnother new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.” @kilmeade @foxandfriendsSupport for Impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20’s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA, and much more!“President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” Sam Dewey....honors that he has earned, including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success, I know Ken will do an outstanding job!....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore, Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer’s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service &amp, commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie’s rank. Likewise, large cost overruns from past administration’s.....Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they don’t care!The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP, UP, UP! Thank you Shifty.Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment, especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. Thank you!Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA, National Defense Authorization Act, Gun Safety, Prescription Drug Prices, &amp, Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 A.M. Have no fear, all will end well for everyone!....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp, Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.”....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. “I want no Quid Pro Quo” Ambassador........Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp, Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done.”NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!.....Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.” @IngrahamAngle  They spied on my campaign!“The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman JohnDaniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!Joe Concha, The Hill: “In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49% Oppose, 34% Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on Opioid crisis, drug prices, USMCA, the Border, etc.Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” @jasoninthehouse @FoxNews...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families......While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, Americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table....@SecAzar and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS...Thank you to @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party, as there is right now!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. I know that there’s not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy! @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello, here we go! @foxandfriends....They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country.........President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting &amp, ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems’ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.” Sam Dewey @FoxNews.....But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption &amp, dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean, and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, &amp, my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, &amp, yet, when I got home to the White House &amp, checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE &amp, CORRUPT NEWS!During my visit yesterday to Austin, Texas, for the startup of the new Mac Pro, &amp, the discussion of a new one $billion campus, also in Texas, I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money, Technology, Vision &amp, Cook!lWhy do @ShannonBream &amp, @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell, who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson  Despite this, big win today for Republicans!Watch @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity, @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNewsIf this were a prizefight, they’d stop it!Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later, Ambassador Sondland said that I told him, “Good, go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas &amp, theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said,”...KEEP AMERICA GREAT!We join families of Kevin King &amp, Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!“White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.” @WashTimes  This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. #2020Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hurt, fracturing the Nation apart. I haven’t seen this to be a good thing.”A great day for Republicans, a great day for our Country!Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!Just finished a very good &amp, cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength &amp, its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. &amp, others, etc..@SteveScalese blew the nasty &amp, obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father, Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!Louisiana, 3 hours left, get out and Vote for @EddieRispone for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well, what about Crooked Hillary, Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe, Brennan, Clapper, Shifty Schiff, Ohr &amp, Nellie, Steele &amp, all of the others, including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?....We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost), and also, the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!Another Record Stock Market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, &amp, totally unfounded, Witch Hunt, &amp, a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice, big, juicy recession. In actuality, the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!....They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. It is called, quite simply, America First! With all of that, however, I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia, how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine, where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. President’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA, which has been sitting on her desk for months!The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous &amp, disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco, where even the..........Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden &amp, his son, Hunter Biden.....Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp, Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California through our ongoing communications with Local, State, and Federal Authorities....Where’s the Fake Whistleblower?....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!....anywhere, so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything....@DanHenninger  WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no, the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis &amp, Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...“That hearing was about a policy dispute.” Robert Ray. “Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.” @Varneyco“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!” @Varneyco  @FoxBusinessWalmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs (which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury). Inflation low (do you hear that Powell?)!Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!.@RepRatcliffe asked the two “star” witnesses, “where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, &amp, were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!Wow! Was just told that my son’s book, “Triggered,” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!READ THE TRANSCRIPT!NEVER TRUMPERS!....any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. Ukraine got it’s money (3 weeks early), and there was no investigation.” @CharlesHurt @foxandfriends...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, Impeachment, &amp, they’ve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends“Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends  Also, why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me, which would be a conflict?....to hurt Donald Trump and we, the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Sean the amazing warrior!....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There’s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward &amp, congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats &amp, the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty, it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.” @LouDobbsDACA recipients with arrest records: 53,792! That is a very large proportion of the total. @LouDobbs  Not good, but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!....Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though, as President, I have an “obligation” to look into corruption, and Biden’s actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his son’s taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a.....Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” @BillOReilly So true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our Country!....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!” @JesseBWatters @FoxNews“The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?”  @greggutfeld @FoxNewsIn order to continue being the most Transparent President in history, I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first, and therefore most important, phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER &amp, NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!“The Chinese say (about Trump’s Trade War &amp, Tariffs), ‘he brought us to the table.’ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” Jamie Dimon on @60Minutes  Thank you President Trump &amp, the Republican Party!Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me, and read it to all!The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower, his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign, I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big, and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way, Mississippi won everything!Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health &amp, safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!HAPPY VETERANS DAY!If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson, who has been missing in Iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. At the same time, upon information &amp, belief, Iran is, &amp, has been, enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans, don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. No, it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs &amp, getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” @LindseyGrahamSC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt, yet he will not allow a White House lawyer, nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.” @JudgeJeanineThank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! #MAGA #KAG2020....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call), the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared), &amp, the I.G., be part of the list!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show, perhaps The Apprentice, after the presidency, which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true, never had such a conversation, don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters, Matt Zapotosky, Josh Dawsey, and Carol Leonnig, wrote another Fake News story, without any sources (pure fiction), about Bill Barr &amp, myself. We both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER &amp, NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy  A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!Read the Transcript!The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!....The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!The story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine,” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore, they just write whatever they want!....Also talked about their Border with Syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the Kurds, and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday, November 13th at the @WhiteHouse!Just had a very good call with President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict – including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi....Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME &amp, HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!Thank you to Kurt Volker, U.S. Envoy to Ukraine, who said in his Congressional Testimony, just released, “You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo, et cetra. NONE, because I didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.”  Witch Hunt!“Based on the things I’ve seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I don’t think there are, or will be, well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray, respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! @foxandfriendsBased on the Kentucky results, Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for @EddieRispone on Wednesday night. Big Rally!Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!#ElectionNight  Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &amp,  Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened &amp, bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened and bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!....monsters, the United States stands ready, willing &amp, able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriendsFantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin  One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!Read the Transcript!....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.Many people say they know me, claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc., when I don’t know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I don’t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito.....Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!The Whistleblower gave false information &amp, dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his @marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch HuntLouisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns &amp, raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins@marklevinshow Mark Levin: “We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call, I don’t know what we need witnesses for? Can’t we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what I’m reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO.” So plain and simple!False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesn’t matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker &amp, freak who is really the one who should be impeached!If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call,” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp, others that are &amp, were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border &amp, 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICANThe Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity, which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners, never reaches the Public.The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up &amp, manage the California forests which are always burning!The Angry Majority!Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS, SPIES AND LIES....“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.” @OANN....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA &amp, KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally...The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Party, don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!....putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don’t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water, and you can have it now!..Every year, as the fire’s rage &amp, California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....The Governor of California, @GavinNewsom, has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp, done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work........in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp, drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp, creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp, unsafe again, as....I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some don’t want to be........with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work........in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp, drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp, creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp, unsafe again, asI love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some don’t want to be...Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&amp,P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....Louisiana, I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts! @EddieRispone....@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter, and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis, former prosecutor...ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw  Much more!“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIBWow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!“This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” @RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!....New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of.....The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp, Rates are hurting...READ THE TRANSCRIPT!China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60% of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!.....to any President, of either party, again. Laura @IngrahamAngle...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens.........the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, don’t you think? This farce should....“Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that.....Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals....Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, @EddieRispone, on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy....My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting.......the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.”  @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell.  The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN (all three)! #MAGA“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS &amp, other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!The Greatest Economy in American History!.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!“This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.” @nypostThe only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” @IngrahamAngle  100% correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto  Don’t worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker &amp, corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party &amp, me!Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!The S&amp,P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401-K’s, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!Something very big has just happened!....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor, @MattBevin!Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military........He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment........Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....Where’s the Whistleblower?The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!........greatly help the African American community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce &amp, sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will..The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary &amp, environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.” @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence &amp, information, as are Clapper &amp, Brennan &amp, all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.”(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard &amp, Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....“General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either), which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors....“Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at &amp, to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou....COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!....USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then....Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls &amp, unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers, just talk!Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0% Tim Ryan, 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated, “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado &amp, Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good (I hope!), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, I’m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency....The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabaliWhere’s the Whistleblower?Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!....feel EMPOWERED. There’s a movement happening on these campuses like I’ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in, that’s pretty remarkable!”  @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA   KEEP AMERICA GREAT!....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national &amp, local student organization. Our studends....Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA &amp, other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” @MZHemingway @foxandfriendsCan’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!....@kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner.” @SteveDoocy “That’s a revealing poll, don’t you think that matters?”...“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriendsCongratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats &amp, their Partner, the Fake News Media! I’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino, EXONERATED, THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless, the Scam continues!“To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” @SteveHiltonx @FoxNewsSo interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, &amp, when do the Republicans finally fight back?....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He’s already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the “informant?” All gone.....Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, &amp, then did NOTHING, losing Syria &amp, all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!Mark Esperanto, Secretary of Defense, “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite,” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also (actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!....Therefore, based on both Media &amp, Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or, if legally permissible, at ZERO COST to the USA. But, as usual, the Hostile Media &amp, their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral, in Miami, for hosting the G-7 Leaders. It is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, has tremendous ballrooms &amp, meeting rooms, and each delegation would have...“The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION.” Yesterday’s Mick Mulvaney statementCrooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!.@RepMcClintock  Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr, former Special ProsecutorSuch a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?#StopTheCoupSusan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote.” @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!Congressman Michael McCaul, “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.” @FoxNews @seanhannity“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.”  @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam SchiffCorrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!....He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!!!!.....this thinking years ago. Instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, &amp, in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides &amp, a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil, &amp, the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds &amp, Turkey....Just spoke to President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. Likewise, the Kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. Too bad there wasn’t.....This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp, bring them home from the ridiculous &amp, costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?“About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp, leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSextonHope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs  Joe D &amp, Victoria T!“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.”  Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!Guatemala, Honduras &amp, El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress, the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement &amp, security.Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERTY &amp, INDEPENDENCE – not government coercion, domination &amp, control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina,  &amp, a Governors runoff in Louisiana, which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud, we will easily take back the House, add in the Senate, &amp, again win Pres!“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” @GrahamLedger  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal &amp, absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!.... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA, and much more!Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify, &amp, the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud &amp, totally different from the actual transcribed call...Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has!Hunter Biden was really bad on @GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNN’s BIAS!” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son, Hunter, like why did Ukraine &amp, China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way, numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!Some people want the United States to protect the 7,000 mile away Border of Syria, presided over by Bashar al-Assad, our enemy. At the same time, Syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the Kurds........and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!After defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria........Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!“To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now, Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off...."Great new book, ""Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America"" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!"....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPostThe Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention....America First!Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardtVote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!Happy Columbus Day!The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!Brian Kilmeade over at @foxandfriends got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners, but didn’t want the cost. “Let the USA pay,” they said...Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..“The Democrats are trashing this President, &amp, in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshowSomebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp, good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to, or be allowed in, the United States!.@marklevinshow on @FoxNews is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where’s Hunter?.....BY THE WAY, DON’T CALL ME AGAIN, I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder, that wasn’t just stupid, it was FALSE.” @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews  I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress &amp, the American People. End Witch Hunt!“Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own. ‘I’m going to say this only SEVEN times, so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT, UNDERSTAND, LOTS OF IT, AND.....CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS &amp, RANCHERS!....I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25% to 30% on October 15th. They will remain at 25%. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal, then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized &amp, signed soon!My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product, not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects, start preparing....The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, North Carolina last week!We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before, and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq, who we just fought for. I said no, and the Kurds left the fight, twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey......Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border, for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. Big upset! Now @EddieRispone, who will be a great Governor, will win!Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor, @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand, 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side), are now fighting to keep us there. Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. They have proven to be inept!The Governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN, @EddieRispone. Thank you Louisiana! 66% down to 47% after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.The Endless Wars Must End!So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC, Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!Louisiana, get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!....Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc., but WOW, the Farmers really hit pay dirt! @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @debfisher @BenSasse  Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!The deal I just made with China is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” @foxandfriends  @RepLeeZeldin  Schiff is a lying mess!“I never saw so many subpoenas!” @ShannonBream  @FoxNews  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!WHERE’S HUNTER?....Congratulations Kevin, on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now, after many years in Government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....Will be with our two GREAT Senators, @SenJohnKennedy &amp, @SenBillCassidy, tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working, really smart men, love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated, I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!I will be in Louisiana tonight (Love it!) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost (worst in USA), &amp, is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!We defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey, in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years....Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it won’t, because the Dems &amp, Media are FIXED!Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT, let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially &amp, with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to.......Court Justice &amp, I turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since), Shep Smith, @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions &amp, got fired from @CNN), &amp, others, @FoxNews doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well, I’m President!From the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme....In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlsonSo pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!Only 25 percent want the President Impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!....DACA stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country, in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA, and be done the right way!President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA, that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA, it gives the President extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial, a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!The so-called Whistleblower, before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript, stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists, only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false &amp, now disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly &amp, carefully bringing our great soldiers &amp, military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE..........The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....Wow, Just Breaking: “The (big deal) Whistleblower had a ‘PROFESSIONAL TIE’ to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner, @ByronYork  In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say.” @FoxNews  Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards, who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday, force a runoff!....In fact, the “Cops For Trump” T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume, but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly &amp, proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on @foxandfriends. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor, and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually, I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100%!!!!I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how &amp, why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!....to see. Importantly, Ambassador Sondland’s tweet, which few report, stated, “I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” That says it ALL!I would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where Republican’s rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public........understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!We may be in the process of leaving Syria, but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey, a NATO and Trading partner, has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully.........good health, at my request, Pastor Brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember, and importantly, that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th. #ENDENDLESSWARSSo many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province, and returning, in very.....“There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity  A Scam!....the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I’ve done before!). They must, with Europe and others, watch over.......down, watching over a quagmire, &amp, spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back &amp, BLAST!I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia &amp, China, because they love seeing us bogged.....The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!....doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut.” Stephen Moore, Freedomworks  That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!Heritage Foundation “These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.” @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.” @foxandfriends  But why are people surprised? The “partisan” Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, “no pressure,” call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman, Ajit Pai!...figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their “neighborhood.” They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to..........again said “NO,” thinking, as usual, that the U.S. is always the “sucker,” on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for........including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said “NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They.....The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate,.........This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them, must all be immediately Impeached!Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “Whistleblower” &amp, lawyer....@60Minutes “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge  “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host(ess), and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong (as usual), but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!DRAIN THE SWAMP!Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50%, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS....And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don’t think it’s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won’t get to the starting gate, &amp, based on all of the money he &amp, his family probably “extorted,” Joe should hang it up. I wouldn’t want him dealing with China &amp, U!The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.........and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers &amp, others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month (Plus,Plus) from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,...The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc.), but they stick together!The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another “Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching &amp, engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at.” Peter Schweizer, author, “Secret Empires.” @marklevinshowSo Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEYNot only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him), and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didn’t give it to him). He is so bad for R’s!Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!The so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off,” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!The Media is “Fixed” and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!....of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes &amp, misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay“It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi &amp, Schiff, &amp, the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump &amp, the President...My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!....it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.” @FoxNews  These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading....“When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin @FoxNews“It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” @greggutfeld @FoxNews  Witch Hunt!I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. &amp, vice versa.At the request of @SenThomTillis, I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C,. and so do I!Under my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.”  Ed Rollins @FoxNews“The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.”  @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews  Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!“When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee ZeldinThe Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!Breaking News: Unemployment Rate, at 3.5%, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!).As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!The Washington Times, “Ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!Nancy Pelosi today, on @GMA, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press,” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are, and it makes our job a whole lot easier!As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.” @replouiegohmert @BreitbartNewsThere wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!ELECTION INTERFERENCE!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you’ll need it!Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp, working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNewsNow the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!#DONOTHINGDEMSAll the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake.....People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the........a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOPREPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham (both Great), which will lead to a runoff against....Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!....the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp, Schiff), why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp, learn everything about....“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT, unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, HOAX!Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, &amp, getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp, Inauguration!My great friend, @RepMarkMeadows, has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus, which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader, @RepAndyBiggsAZ!BIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That’s a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews“President Trump’s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50%, and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President’s numbers going up, they said ‘We gotta do something,’ so..#FakeWhistleblowerWHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!Again, the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!Again, the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!....place in TRADE, it’s taking shape in Military Competition.” Johnathan Ward, author and China expert. We are winning, and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!“After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijing’s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic &amp, military superpower in the 21st Century. What’s happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking.....Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE &amp, terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress &amp,  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness China is doing very poorly while the USA, under your favorite President’s leadership, continues to soar to new heights - and, despite the Do Nothing Democrats, we have just begun!The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robert Jeffress, @FoxNews....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.........rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016....“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....“State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.” @foxandfriends  You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding, and her Yoga!....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!“These are Trumped-Up Charges.” @PeteHegseth  @foxandfriends“All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, it’s what’s on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,....These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying &amp, cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America &amp, it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They &amp, the Fake News Media are Dangerous &amp, Bad!....In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND &amp, THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud &amp, Treason.....Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called “Whistleblower,” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated (&amp, admitted to this fabrication). Sick!It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up &amp, twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people, defaming &amp, libeling me. He must resign from Congress!The Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic &amp, wrong, just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff......The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes &amp, Regulations, fixed the VA &amp, gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years), &amp, so much more?...Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!...sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it.......sound horrible, an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it.........nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle’, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby, our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!Liddle’ Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President, has just said that the Whistleblower, even though he or she only had second hand information, “is credible.” How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no treason.” Robert Ray  @FoxNews“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not!” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors, no treason, no extortion, no treason.” RD Robert Ray, respectedTHE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER, PLAY THEIR GAME, AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter, on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily....Wow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.” @FreeBeacon“He (President Trump) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of...unless you investigate this...we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.” @BretBaierWill the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy  @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?Such an important day at the United Nations, so much work and so much success, and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it, including legislation on gun safety, lowering of prescription drug prices, infrastructure, etc. So bad for our Country!....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....“@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine’s President.” Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp, the Democrats again after years of being wrong?“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!“The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC  Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?“They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man.” @LindseyGrahamSC  100% correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).” We should always be paying less interest than others!“The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.” Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy, or anything else.“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners, the Democrats. It is so wrong, but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long, friendly, and it touched on many questions.” @NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong, just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterSchweizer The problem is, “Trump” did nothing wrong!....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?” @GreggJarrett“It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation....“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” @TomFitton“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterScheeizer The problem is, “Trump” did nothing wrong!Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Biden’s demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son, or they won’t get a very large amount of U.S. money, so they fabricate a.........statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners, headed up again by Little Adam Schiff, and batting Zero for 21 against me, are at it again! They think I may have had a “dicey” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “highly partisan” whistleblowers..Oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City,  @BilldeBlasio, who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth, has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated, he’s coming home!“The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come.Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I don’t care how much they paid her, they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley’s drug pricing bill very much, and it’s great to see Speaker Pelosi’s bill today. Let’s get it done in a bipartisan way!Presidential Harassment!....Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader, I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies, not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!All Polls, and some brand new Polls, show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time, especially with sooo much good that could be done, including prescription drug price reduction, healthcare, infrastructure etc.Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts,” no sense, no vision!  A terrible communicator!....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California, you will be out of business..... advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard, but the cars will be....The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O’Brien, currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department, as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long &amp, hard with Robert. He will do a great job!I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy (no longer even close), number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!Terrence K. Williams, “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee, President Trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country, and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriendsThe New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_....”That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.” @brithume @FoxNewsThe New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money, but it is a journalistic disaster, being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them......She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while you’re at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” @greggutfeld  The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera, the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?They failed on the Mueller Report, they failed on Robert Mueller’s testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea, except I will, and have always expected to, lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.” Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are, will they “move the goalposts” and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but I’ll be able to figure it out!Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him, a disgrace!” Dan Bongino @foxandfriends“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner, the Dems....The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell &amp, the Fed don’t have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China’s big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates...Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you, Mr. President!), we are a net Energy Exporter, &amp, now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don’t need Middle Eastern Oil &amp, Gas, &amp, in fact have very few tankers there, but will help our Allies!.....’These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come,’ said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.” The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!The @nytimes. “This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary........work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the “Congressional Slush Fund,” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report, sadly for them after two years and $40,000,000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION, ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say, OK, lets look at everything else, and all of the deals that “Trump” has done over his lifetime. But it doesn’t....“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.” Joe DiGenova.  “It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” @LouDobbs  Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!PLENTY OF OIL!Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount........Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote “In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate.” True, but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology &amp, Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.”.....I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaughBrett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....KEEP AMERICA GREAT!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!........IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced &amp, Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!....Became Number 1 in World &amp, Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony &amp, fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony &amp, James Comey..How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians &amp, Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military &amp, Choice for Vets...“This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.” @guypbenson @FoxNews“We can’t beat him, so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” @GOPLeader McCarthySome really big Court wins on the Border lately!It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!European Central Bank, acting quickly, Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying, and succeeding, in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar, hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits, and sits, and sits. They get paid to borrow money, while we are paying interest!....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries........on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%), from October 1st to October 15th.At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!), I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!....This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington Post/ABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?), Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election........The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO, or less, and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN, while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency, power, and balance sheet.....“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC  @JoeSquawkGreg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, &amp, the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg &amp, Dan!Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You’d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!.@CNN &amp, @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp, @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp, @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.One down, one to go – Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03....I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore....Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great, the best ever!ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on earth. Over the last four days, we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!...the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020, but that will NEVER HAPPEN, Americans are too smart!...the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt, and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership, including...A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk, but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg, Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years, and he thought that during his very busy European visit, he would stop and see his family!I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland, and filling up with fuel, with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH METhe Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!..that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, “Choice” at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme Court Justices, the Border Wall going up, lowest crime numbers, 2nd A, and so much more!As bad as @CNN is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative, but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things......But most importantly, @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information &amp, Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me, “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame, &amp, all comes from the top!Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&amp,T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN, perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also, I hear that, because of its bad ratings, it is losing a fortune.....94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!...but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina, @MarkSanford, was reported missing, only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail, then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend, it sounded like his political career was over. It was,....North Carolina, vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter......the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players, or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed, all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!....musician @johnlegend, and his filthy mouthed wife, are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor”@LesterHoltNBC doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about........A man named @VanJones68, and many others, were profusely grateful (at that time!). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW, no one else did, &amp, Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed, people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring.........information does come out.” Charlie Hurt, Washington Times  @LouDobbsWhen all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators &amp, others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having, again, the Number One Best Selling Book!Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. We’re having a BIG RALLY for a great guy, Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime, Borders, your Military and our Vets, we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, Borders, and against your 2nd A.....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks, and would even kill 12 innocent people, then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?....an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers, and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didn’t, they....Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately, in order to build false leverage, they admitted to.....FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding &amp, deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book),”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd, National Border PatrolI want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges, including many in the Appellate Courts &amp, two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANNThank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me, their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA, the U.S. Coast Guard, &amp, the brave people of the Bahamas..China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!The @USCG, @FEMA, and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!Great job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U.S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting, still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for, like the Witch Hunt, or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said, at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian, that in addition to Florida &amp, other states, Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy, hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called, “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriendsGreat interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!I agree with @jimcramer, the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you can’t win them all!DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says, “The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t.........that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean, look at the joblessness report today. What I’m surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it (a deal) more than we do. It’s statistical. I just think....Looking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends, by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!Great job done by @GovRonDesantis, @SenRickScott, Senator @MarcoRubio, and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including @FEMA, @USCG, Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse, ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA, who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!After almost 3 years in my Administration, Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer....Really Good Jobs Numbers!Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!....said what she did, even being on a much higher rated show, she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!Bad “actress” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “Blacklist” of Trump supporters, &amp, is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr........Instead it turned North and went up the coast, where it continues now. In the one model through Florida, the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took, no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!In the early days of the hurricane, when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach, even before it reached the Bahamas, certain models strongly suggested that Alabama &amp, Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida &amp, to the Gulf........facts, and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are, and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that....“Absolutely nothing is more important than going back &amp, getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known, undisputed...State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina, District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w/ the Military, our Vets, &amp, your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border, has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hurts Americans, and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that!6. The Democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Don't the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...BUT... 5. Who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?AMERICA!2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air?   CHINA!3. 91% of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organization’s suggested level.   NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @JoeSquawk....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it....“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @joekernencnbc....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it........“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what.........on the President of the United States.” @charliekirk11 @trish_regan“To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate, that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on, this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.” @LouDobbsThe truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDershAt the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian, but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast, lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand, the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!@NHC_Atlantic....”knife crime,” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....Based on the IG Report, the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices, healthcare, infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion, No Obstruction!....”knife crime,” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....Germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, “they get paid for loaning money,” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember, these are also our weak currency competitors!For all of the “geniuses” out there, many who have been in other administrations and “taken to the cleaners” by China, that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember, the EU &amp, all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!....And then, think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime, China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses, jobs and money will be gone!We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff USA”($600 B/year),16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot.......Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @SenatorFischer @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted &amp, approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a.......when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonkarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this.......when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonathancarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this.......Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst  @debfisher @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a........The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats, or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind, our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country, they have never been so bad!The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want, seldom have sources (even though they say they do), never do “fact checking” anymore, and are only looking for the “kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake, they are Corrupt..The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No, they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!....Trump Economics. With President Trump, Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx....swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades, and their trust in President Trump, paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with........Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure &amp, hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,......“The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump we’ve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages....“They are liars, and in my opinion, TRAITORS!” @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.....and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 (lowest unemployment, most jobs ever), and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues, not worth it!Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....Since my election, many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country, and the Stock Market is up over 50%. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist, Paul Krugman, you’d be doing VERY poorly - you’d be angry and hurt. He never got it!....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and that is exactly what he is delivering.” @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews“When you put everything together, the pro growth Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, help to retrain workers, the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America, along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals, promoting Merit Based), it...We are doing very well with China, and talking!.....this (Judge Thomas Ambro, Majotity Opinion), and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump, who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges, not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices.” @robertjeffress @LouDobbs“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit, Court of Appeals. “Lou, that’s why this next Election is so important, the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds.Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice, and when it then became a big hit, helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly, @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront &amp, profusely thanked me, even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court, you should be held in contempt. So, if you abused the FISA, you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action.” Jason Chaffetz, Fox“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger, calling him dangerous, insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED, BECAUSE IF HE WASN’T ELECTED, THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.........is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!Peter Morici, Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it, we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back,....Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict, except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!...Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs....pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork  @LouDobbs“They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents, 641 of the Criminal Code, because the IG found these were not his personal documents, these were government documents.” @GreggJarrett  “Comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..Just arrived at Camp David!The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now), or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities &amp, is weak on Crime, Military &amp, Vets!If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players), we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!The Euro is dropping against the Dollar “like crazy,” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good, doesn’t it? Except to those (manufacturers) that make product for sale outside the U.S.Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA Officer(Dem): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences.” @fox&amp,FsThe fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows, in the strongest of terms, how unfairly I, and tens of millions of great people who support me, were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?General Motors, which was once the Giant of Detroit, is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China, BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s Report. He should be ashamed of himself!The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol, not even including the E-15, year around, which is already done. It will be a giant package, get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!The Economy is doing GREAT, with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should, we are a Rocket upward!The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’Donnell, for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize, is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible, corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the LameStream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me &amp, The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time.....Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions, it will be a very big Hurricane, perhaps one of the biggest!Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA, first responders, and all, for working so hard &amp, being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news, Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent, Fake, or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now, I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!The  Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall, and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG, vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!A sad day for the Democrats, Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I’m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly), I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!....And by the way, I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to Puerto Rico!Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time, more than anyplace else has ever gotten, and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!....Our Federal Reserve cannot “mentally” keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France, all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually “getting paid” to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!....I don’t want to Win for myself, I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isn’t working for us anymore!....are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions” @donnabrazile, Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS &amp, CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do, Win. Too Bad!....Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director, spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor, @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate, the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN &amp, @MSNBC....Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britain’s Labour Party, to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson, especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for, &amp, will prove to be “a great one!” Love U.K.We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads, as usual, to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready,  and will do a great job. When they do, let them know it, and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China, from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact, they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office” @OANN  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens, a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “bedbug.” Tough guy!....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide, then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....Axios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE, let’s see, what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said, “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane, that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes, adding many more people than are actually there, and yet my crowds, which are far bigger, get no coverage at all. Fake News!It is amazing that I can be at 51% with Zogby when the Fake &amp, Corrupt News is almost 100% against me. Great job Mr. President!The G7 in France was so successful, and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News, and watched numerous networks, it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!.@JudgeJeanine Pirro is following up her #1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be #1 – “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge: The Left's Plot to Remake America.” Out today, go get it!The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year, an all time record of its kind for “anywhere.”The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp, works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp, works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!.@SteveHiltonx “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, “Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now she’s on @FoxNews!Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.....bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to “will” America into..The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!France and President @EmanuelMacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated, and partially built, Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making, they now have the team that can get it done!Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!“Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting, CNN, MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news &amp, me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one,” at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just....For all of the Fake News Reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers, China, etc., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs, tonight hosted by Lou’s friend, @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!...Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10%, will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st, the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, currently being taxed at 25%, will be taxed at 30%.......Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very....For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual Property Theft, and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China, with no end in sight....The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR &amp, REFUSE,........better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing..Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, &amp, they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and, frankly, would be far........My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both, and the U.S. will do great.......My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both, and the U.S. will do great...Now the Fed can show their stuff!..willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!The Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to convince people that we are in, or will soon be going into, a Recession. They are.....94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders &amp, the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military &amp, Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!Check out a FANTASTIC new book, “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer, @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp, Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials...Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change), not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well, because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!....Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that........WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U.S., a far stronger and more important credit, is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History, very tough on exports. No Inflation!.....My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt, has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down....The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession, even though the numbers &amp, facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @CharlesPayne2nd  @foxandfriends  So true!Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this).Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”.....all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job.” Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK, if he keeps doing what he’s doing, he’s good for.....“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him........The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!Denmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....Sorry, I don’t buy Rep. Tlaib’s tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!Great discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the @G7, in France!Spoke to my two good friends, Prime Minister Modi of India, and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan, regarding Trade, Strategic Partnerships and, most importantly, for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation, but good conversations!Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! @JudicialWatch.....The Fed Rate, over a fairly short period of time, should be reduced by at least 100 basis points, with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened, our Economy would be even better, and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world.......got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, &amp, then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,...Great cohesion inside the Republican Party, the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News, my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they’d be if I got fair media coverage!....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced, and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,..The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. I’m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going!House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it &amp, the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!.....”Journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISMThe Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report &amp, his testimony were a total disaster), to a Racism Witch Hunt.....Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming, not happy about this!Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!Israel was very respectful &amp, nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded &amp, loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore, Heritage FoundationThe Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp, all Jewish people, &amp, there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication, we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow, got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!”  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMPGo out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book, “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed &amp, knew exactly...I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date, but much good will come from the short.......Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp, Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!We are winning, big time, against China. Companies &amp, jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp, too fast. Now too slow to cut....The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent.  “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @VarneycoTremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!“So far, you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy...&amp, it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by @JesseBWatters, on @FoxNews, about all of the work that is being (&amp, has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp, Asylum.No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, &amp, cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin, Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.As usual, China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system, the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up, no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!Curt Schilling, a great pitcher and patriot, is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriendsThe United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military, things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!..TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough &amp, his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice, Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett &amp, others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” &amp, I would let him come on though he (&amp, Erin) had very little.......other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony, who would do anything to come back in, should remember the only reason he is on TV, and it’s not for being the Mooch!Anthony Scaramucci, who was quickly terminated (11 days) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling, now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on “President Trump.” Like many other so-called television experts, he knows very little about me.....Joe Biden just said, “We believe in facts, not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, &amp, the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Don’t have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95% in taxes!Got to see, by accident, wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H., stay here rather than..Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles, and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un, he stated, very nicely, that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S./South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter, much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was.....Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton &amp, El Paso, when in fact I was the one who stated, very strongly, that I didn’t want the Fake News inside &amp, told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence, and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists, and are very bad for our Country!Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level, and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite,” but they are not Elite. In fact, it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order........mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is, but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership  on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA, and others, so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....Rod Blagojevich, the former Governor of Illinois, was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.....career in the military, retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level, including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire, current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence, effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished........coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15, which........I know Emmanuel means well, as do all others, but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way, shape, or form, to represent us!Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us, including President Macron of France........in the world, there is nobody even close, but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way, and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?....John Deere, our car companies, &amp, others, to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening, the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...As your President, one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level, in comparison to other countries, is keeping the dollar high, making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar, Boeing,.........I am so amazed that MSNBC &amp, CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as experts on “Trump.” Same people since long before the 2016 Election, and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!Just watched a world class loser, Tim O’Brien, who I haven’t seen or spoken to in many years, &amp, knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin’ Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV....The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon, one which they never cease to use when they are down, or run out of facts, RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton, Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips, but it just didn’t work. The love, respect &amp, enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!I don’t know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!I don’t know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith, the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually, whenever possible, I turn to @OANN!....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!oJust left Dayton, Ohio, where I met with the Victims &amp, families, Law Enforcement, Medical Staff &amp, First Responders. It was a warm &amp, wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm &amp, even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate (0%) Sherrod Brown &amp, Mayor Whaley totally.....Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!....terrible thing to watch, especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway, but it would be much easier if the Fed understood, which they don’t, that we are competing against other countries, all of whom want to do well at our expense!....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster, and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin, and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever, money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries, and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....“Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and ANTIFA.” @OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!..”This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before, I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so!” Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. @TuckerCarlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism,” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times, but it was quickly changed to, “Assailing Hate But Not Guns,” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against......Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades, the U.S. has been paid very little by South Korea, but last year, at the request of President Trump, South Korea paid $990,000,000..Beto (phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage) O’Rourke, who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas, where I trounced him, and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1% in the Democrat Primary, should respect the victims &amp, law enforcement - &amp, be quiet!....Amendment.” John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle  Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly, New York State is far worse!“California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump, and it’s clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party, or any party, to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause, and under the 14th.....Will be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses....@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, &amp, that they...As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!....are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” @kilmeade @foxandfriendsChina is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying........The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio....God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.Today’s shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people........Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.Today’s shooting in El Paso, Texas was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Un’s leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that......Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement, nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation, but..Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!...We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal, and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!...during the talks the U.S. will start, on September 1st, putting a small additional Tariff of 10% on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25%......buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities, but did not do so. Additionally, my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States – this never happened, and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing, and...Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago, but sadly, China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently, China agreed to...BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!China, Iran &amp, other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, &amp, having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity &amp, success like never before..The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! @CNNExperts stated that the Fed should not have tightened, and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. “Mistake, Powell cut rate and then he started talking.” @LouDobbsVery low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!....As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world........I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp, Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect........I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!....Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal........or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!CNN’s Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist, when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased &amp, fair,.....“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of LouisianaIf I hadn’t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, &amp, you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, &amp, the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!....vindication &amp, exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was “entirely divorced” from the facts, yet another total &amp, complete....We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp, DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but that’s ok because today is not about them!....Don’t watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe &amp, Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states....China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromoSenate is working hard on America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!....@foxandfriendsWow! Morning Joe &amp, Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!...to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if &amp, when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!..My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continueChina is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just don’t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years....Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp, refusing to change the Loopholes &amp, Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG @foxandfriends“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, it’s not just Baltimore, unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist  Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGASenator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration....Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!....He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!The Republican Party has a new STAR, his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron), and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky....Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!The Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other.........even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe......The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain &amp, protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!“The Democrats hate this President so much, they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will....Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, “Thank you, Mr. President!”If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp, conditions in Baltimore) for decades, and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!....a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...“If it weren’t for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanineThe Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade....@JesseBWattersThe real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!). @replouiegohmertSo sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!....Robert Mueller’s testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO.” Misty Marris  @FoxNews  True, but many other great “exonerating” things came out.....NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn’t have to), and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries.The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick &amp, disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp, irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude &amp, incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 &amp, others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!....As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient &amp, well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp, filthy placeRep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men &amp, women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U.S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!.@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, &amp, before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRockyVery disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky...What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.President Trump’s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52%, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends  Shouldn’t this be at 100%? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!...impeachment, you have a Party of one. It’s over.” @kilmeade  “Nancy said, Jerry, please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time &amp, energy into the Mueller Report, it turns out Mueller didn’t know what was in his Report.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends“Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins.” @ainsleyearhardt  “It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say.....“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” @JesseBWatters  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller &amp, the Democrats. Nevertheless, the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning’s hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no.” In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...KEEP AMERICA GREAT!NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the.....So why didn’t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!Why didn’t Robert Mueller &amp, his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin’ &amp, Leakin’ James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy McCabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more,  including HIMSELF &amp, Andrew W?It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to, and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history, by far!So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime, try pinning it on a very innocent President, and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country, they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn’t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What’s this all about? His lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!Oh well, we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M.Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain’t what it used to be. Too bad!Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR, SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!When an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an important section to keep out problems, is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall, the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, &amp, the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! “We are going to be a nightmare to the President,” she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!....Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN,”....Farmers are starting to do great again, after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China “replacement” money didn’t exactly hurt!KEEP AMERICA GREAT!Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!....Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History, Best V.A. in History (Choice), and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, let’s impeach the President. The “Squad” (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!Newest Poll: Only 11% in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well, let’s see: We have the Best Economy in History, the Best Employment Numbers in History, Most People Working in History, Highest Stock Market in History, Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History,..“I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trish_regan“I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trishreganWhen we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling, with no poison pills....The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!....But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!...Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, &amp, no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!....except for those stated by me, &amp, “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean &amp, belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel &amp, our Country!The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,....It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive,  to move now. The Fed raised &amp, tightened far too much &amp, too fast. In other words, they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!....as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, &amp, GDP &amp, our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp, money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.........Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous &amp, bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis,” as the Fake News Media &amp, their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured........Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak &amp, insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Presidential Harassment!The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. You’ll see in 2020!Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if you’re watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!  @foxandfriendsEconomic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!....Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative....Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!....Fed: There is almost no inflation!....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much,” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed “raised” far too fast &amp, too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, &amp, winning big,...Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!....Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp, the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, “Trump Will Be Re-elected, Won’t He?” He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.....Thomas “the Chin” Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and.......State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp, economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp, accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen.......State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp, economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send he back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp, accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen....Great new book, “Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience........of gang members, in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted &amp, arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands........of which was squandered away or wasted, never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas &amp, Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well, and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt, &amp, robbing the U.S. Government blind!A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege, the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldn’t trust under any circumstance, and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief, much........of gang members, in particular MS-13. Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job!Most of the MS-13 Gang members indictedand &amp, arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands.....Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd, and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the....New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  #MAGA2020After a ten year search, the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!Big Rally tonight in Greenville, North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment &amp, Stock Market Numbers EVER. I’ll talk also about people who love, and hate, our Country (mostly love)!  7:PMThe Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity, yet all they want to do is go “fishing.” The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt, they want results now!....they are destroying the Democrat Party. I’m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I’m entitled to say that they’re Wack Jobs.”  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy...opinion, they’re Americans. Now I’m entitled to my opinion, &amp, I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, &amp, we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT, and.....“In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their.........visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most...Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader, “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.”  Thank you Kevin!.....Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8%, Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat.....Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jason’s great new book, POWER GRAB!“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!.....shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, &amp, yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist &amp, public.....“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngleMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives,” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!....They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more....We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country....Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!”  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted.......they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we don’t need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject......“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s,....If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp, racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp, unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp, their horrible &amp, disgusting actions!....with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp, pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer!China’s 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal....We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, “RACIST.” Their disgusting language..........Sorry, can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!Friday’s tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals..........it is done. These places need your help badly, you can’t leave fast enough. I’m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!....and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how....So interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly......A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective &amp, stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul’s final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, “abysmal.” People like.....Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders &amp, our 2nd A. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp, Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp, Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, &amp, do, great UNITY in PA!....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation....Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency &amp, subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,...When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get......@SebGorka Wins Big, No Contest!The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!....He had the Majority &amp, blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin, &amp, booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, &amp, failed (happening anyway!)......Paul Ryan, the failed V.P. candidate &amp, former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President), ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser &amp, leader.........and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!....Similarly, Facebook Libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National...I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity....To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp, loved ones from flooding &amp, the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA, State &amp, Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared, be careful, &amp, be SAFE!...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!...years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman......The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” @BillHemmer @FoxNewsMexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday!Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly......Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends....And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No, I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t (don’t) need their money (old fashioned, isn’t it?). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get.....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, you’ve got to give the President an A Plus for that.”  Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders!Robert Johnson, B.E.T. “I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U.S. Economy, and you look at.........months, the lowest since 1972.” The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle“Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.....The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1000/24th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!....years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or @AlfredENeuman99,......The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six......A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.....Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USA’s truly great companies!I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there....Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!).Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don’t make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of.....Iran has long been secretly “enriching,” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman, he’s pushing for lives to be better.” Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech“Our company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House &amp, the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we’ve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.....“FBI’s Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel &amp, Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.” John Solomon, The Hill. @seanhannitySo now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their “Enemy.” They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don’t care who gets hurt, but also don’t understand that two can play that game!....to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!A truly great, patriotic &amp, charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed........Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th........healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!Recent “strained” decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, “Are you a citizen of the United States” on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the world’s most expensive &amp, pathetic......India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN“With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he’s going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriendsOutrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends“I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.”  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!....and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President!...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp, Military  anywhere in the World, by far...The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well........their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile, the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts, &amp, failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far.......a “source” of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, &amp, what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars), or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!.....Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters, who do whatever Brian &amp, Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews, who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats &amp, even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as....Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN, or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, &amp, got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, &amp, needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!....brought up, not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News &amp, the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.....The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing @nytimes, is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....Congratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won’t win!....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, &amp, used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!Strong jobs report, low inflation, and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States, knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn’t have a clue! They raised rates too soon, too often, &amp, tightened, while others did just the opposite....My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline, his wonderful daughter, Kameron, and their friends, on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest &amp, most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low &amp, loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.........and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low &amp, loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!So important for our Country that the very simple and basic “Are you a Citizen of the United States?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!.....Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!.....came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp, aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question.Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door (Andrews), all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!S&amp,P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States won’t allow a question of “Is this person a Citizen of the United States?” to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice........Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp, Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp, Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.....Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve...."Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “Fireworks by Grucci"" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!"Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report, &amp, that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony &amp, total transparency, this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion, No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!Big 4th of July in D.C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon &amp, our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this &amp, showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers &amp, biggest ever Fireworks!The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!...Texas will defend them &amp, indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high, then they sue you, just to complete the jobPeople are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business, they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state, like what they are doing to our great NRA, which I think will move quickly to Texas, where they are loved.....I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!....In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting, he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp, its future. We are setting records in so many ways, &amp, we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp, I am so thankful!That’s right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!....more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything, always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent &amp, expenses &amp, gave away........why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit.” Harry Kazianis, Center for the National Interest. Thank you!“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, &amp, will now be staying. New York &amp, others should start changing their thought process on taxes, fast!“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WSJ Our Country is doing great!“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great!“Stock had the Best First Half since 1997.” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea, an important statement for all, and a great honor!The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world, with GREAT &amp, UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74%, and that despite all of the Fake &amp, Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large.....I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China......amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large......After some very important meetings, including my meeting with President Xi of China, I will be leaving Japan for South Korea (with President Moon). While there, if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this, I would meet him at the Border/DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello(?)!54% in Poll! I would be at 75% (with our great economy, maybe the best ever) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!I am in Japan at the G-20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!.....United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country, we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!Seems totally ridiculous that our government, and indeed Country, cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive, detailed and important Census, in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census, no matter how long, until the.....I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India, for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States, just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!BORING!....They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by @JoeBiden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...For tonight’s #DemDebate, be sure to follow @TeamTrump, @TrumpWarRoom, @Parscale, @KayleighMcEnany, @TimMurtaugh, and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE, FACT CHECKING, and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry, I’m on Air Force One, off to save the Free World!....and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted), Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr (and Nellie), the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC (&amp, their missing server)....The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs.....No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference, as later corrected. Now the Dems want to  give it another try. Does it ever end?According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN, “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO), and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 1/2 years and $40,000,000, will turn things around....“I have been in office for many years, the Military is very important to me, and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you @LindseyGrahamSCThe Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!Iran made a very big mistake!....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp, the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....Women’s soccer player, @mPinoe, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level.......invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp, the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....Women’s soccer player, @meganrapino, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.Presidential Harassment!Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military, our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!....Martha is strong on Crime and Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior, Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C., and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way........Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry &amp, Obama!....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s &amp, EFP’s (bombs), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more...Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion,” they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp, easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering &amp, easing) &amp, did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history.......Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp, easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering &amp, easing) &amp, did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U.S. history......a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!China gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62%, &amp, many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been....When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH, we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth, treasure, and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great, with unlimited upside into the future!Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!I never called the strike against Iran “BACK,” as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!....Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, &amp, on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WSJStock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WallStreetJourWhen people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country, &amp, now by staying.....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting &amp, more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked &amp, loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not........Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.........”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, &amp, those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)S&amp,P opens at Record High!Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50%, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. @LouDobbs If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngleCongratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews  9 P.M. Enjoy!....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House CommitteeSo sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller &amp, the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair &amp, costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren’t they.......If I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But I’m winning anyway!DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!....33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the.....Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”  @businessHad a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.The Fake News doesn’t report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. @FoxNews  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people........@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didn’t spend 30 hours with @abcnews, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters &amp, losers thought possible - and it will only get better!Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. “I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.” I agree, and that is the only reason they play the impeach card, which cannot be legally used!Almost 70% in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreign agent, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.........Happy Father’s Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!.....news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT), both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business &amp, be forever gone!A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good..........saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.” @JedediahBila  “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLiveYesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” @FoxNews  “All around the Country people are.......Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, &amp, all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, &amp, forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews.....ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country..........the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp, distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat.........the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @abcnews. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp, distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!”  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” @OANN  Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?“The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!” @OANN....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson, CEO of @LockheedMartin, about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon....Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNewsNatalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas....While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!....and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp, worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,...When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of........call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.........call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Whales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.....The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco,” or Unhinged, as they like to say!....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes &amp,  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment.......can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure &amp, many other things......much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, but the House doesn’t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report), House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. &amp, Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!“It’s about peace and Prosperity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp, Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp, workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!“It’s about peace and Properity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp, workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp, don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.....Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp, don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.........Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me?” @TuckerCarlson  It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers &amp, rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job &amp, support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScottGood day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S....Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...Maria, Dagan, Steve, Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producers and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get......The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriendsPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020!” @LindseyGrahamSC“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success), and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline, New York Post. @foxandfriends  The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!New book just out, “The Real Deal, My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump,” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart &amp, know me well, George Sorial &amp, Damian Bates, as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders,which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo, or Do Over. They are even bringing in @CNN sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry, no Do Overs - Go back to work!For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, later increased to 18. But despite the bias, when the Report came out, the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to........If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, &amp, a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!.....there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes, &amp, ratings challenged @CNN, will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!.....not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in particular, were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico &amp, the USA, something that didn’t exist for decades. However, if for some unknown reason........Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didn’t have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly, some things.....Another false report in the Failing  @nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time, as have other administrations, but were not able to get them, or get them in full, until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally, and for many years,....I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you don’t hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!....other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!Little @DonnyDeutsch, whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He, &amp, separately @ErinBurnett, used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad), but that was it. Hardly knew him,..Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry, Basketball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!Just watched the Great @RickBarry44, Backetball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies, almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings, along with CNN, are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!Nervous Nancy Pelosi &amp, the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular &amp, very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers &amp, Unions!MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S.” Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good, there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media, such as Comcast/NBC, CNN, @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost. These “Fakers” are Bad News!....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to........stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to......Dow Jones has best week of the year!Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars (of which the Moon is a part), Defense and Science!Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, &amp, there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm &amp, Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp, unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp, Infrastructure!Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp, Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress........and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp, unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp, Infrastructure!Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp, Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress,...China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking in Billions!John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!A big and beautiful day today!“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home, not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.”  @seanhannity  The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings, along with @CNN!....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico &amp, the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way, &amp, that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you @GOPLeaderIf the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!House Democrats, fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal Court) on the Wall,  keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, especially with his corrective letter, &amp, now want a Do Over!Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better, and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.” @IngrahamAngle.@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!I kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK, but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds, which the Corrupt Media hates to show, were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big &amp, enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught, just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs &amp, Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great, now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers, Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet, but I’m sure the....I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT, they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN, which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN, it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative &amp, so much Fake News, very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!.@SadiqKhan, who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London, not me......BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA, we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress, go back to work and help us at the Border, with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!Peggy Noonan, the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all, is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats, or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement, Peggy never understood it!I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media, and they got caught cold! Will @CNN, @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin, Constitutional Scholar. Meantime, the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work, much to do!The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly, despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants, which they can do very easily, or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border, will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, Cartels, Human Traffickers....The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs &amp, Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels &amp, Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies &amp, jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to.....The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!Emmet Flood, who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report, will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job – NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend, and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals.....@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see – Enjoy!Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico &amp, our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years &amp, nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!Sean Davis, The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.”  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNewsOn June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”  @kilmeadeCongressman John Ratcliffe, “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.........say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false acquisition, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!Great show tonight @seanhannity, you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews), that’s why you’re Number One (by far)! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you....If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didn’t, and probably won’t.....Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot,” and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!.@GovMikeDeWine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!Spoke with @GovStitt of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, &amp, helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!....Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!.@ianbremmer now admits that he MADE UP “a completely ludicrous quote,” attributing it to me. This is what’s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really, the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both, &amp, TEAM, at the WH!The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D.C. next year, &amp, hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, &amp, where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men &amp, women of the Pentagon for working it out!“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” @marklevinshow  @JudgeJeanine  How about the Dems also?Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, &amp, also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual, &amp, worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus, @TigerWoods, and @PhilMickelson — I said what about @GaryPlayer, they said we love Gary too!North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, &amp, also smiled when he called Swampman Joe  Bidan a low IQ individual, &amp, worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇺🇸🇯🇵Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!....(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges....I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo.Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp, the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “The Old Guard.” Great job @TomCottonAR!I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud &amp, clear &amp, for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!“If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion), they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?”  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information....“Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities....@FoxNews Poll: A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION, which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems can’t get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!.@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!When the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding, they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their partner, the Fake News Media. Well, so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake &amp, Corrupt Press!Rex Tillerson, a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!....drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, &amp, it should never happen again!The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report, which didn’t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure, lower.....Democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!In a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart, but I will continue to set records for the American People – and Nancy, thank you so much for your prayers, I know you truly mean it!....In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history........But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work....As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself, and it was the other side that caused the problem, not us!..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama.” Wall Street Journal Editorial BoardToday - May 21, 2019“He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN’T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE, &amp, THERE WAS NO COLLUSION..“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know, for a change.”  Michael Goodwin @newyorkpostEverybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction (of a crime caused by others), that was the end. But no, the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed....Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically “great” economy, would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong, the Witch Hunt!After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them, especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump, even though he did nothin wrong, while they “fish!”Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!John Brennan on the Mueller probe, “I don’t know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!After spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, &amp, interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House, the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats, so they want a DO OVER. It doesn’t work that way-so bad for our Country!Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over.So even though I didn’t have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours), to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats, and they arrived....I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWinPennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp, that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed &amp, broken...To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGAMegan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp, Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff,  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!“We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriendsTwo Tweets missing from last batch, probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don’t need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.........fashioned, but true. When you don’t need or want money, you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don’t even exist)......The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years), and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn’t need money. Very oldStarting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!....who got them there. Chris Wallace said, “I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.” Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete, as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates, and they just want in. They forgot the people.....I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!False reporting yesterday. “There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities, including Florida.” @FoxNews  Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL, will not, and can not, take you in!Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, &amp, have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!....he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and, ultimately, NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway, how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and, in fact, the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!Never a fan of @justinamash, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report, “composed” by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump,........Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years (&amp, soon will drop much further), Right to Try, protecting your 2nd Amendment, big Tax &amp, Reg Cuts, 3.2 GDP, Strong Foreign Policy, &amp, much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!....was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our Courts will have 145 great new Judges, and 2 Supreme Court Justices, got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate &amp, will protect Pre-Existing....For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias &amp, dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history, our Military, which........for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!....Federal Judges (many more to come), two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new &amp, positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion (and worse), is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....As most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.....Courts &amp, Dems in Congress, neither of which have a clue, are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL, OUR DETENTION CENTERS, HOSPITALS &amp, SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNewsWith all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced (made up), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriendsMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!DRAIN THE SWAMP!“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriendsWill the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres,” of which there are many, are being detained &amp, will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp, Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGAThe Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U.S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes &amp, crime, he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.When Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan visited with me in the @WhiteHouse two weeks ago, I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka, Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates, as always, in order to make up for the business they are, and will be, losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match,” it would be game over, we win! In any event, China wants a deal!Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China, and others, to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product, the best, but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy..........of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen, and much faster than people think!When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but, as I have told him many times before, this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....Billions of Dollars, and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!We can make a deal with China tomorrow, before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business, but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in.........so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them, by almost 500 Billion Dollars, so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China.....In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25% Tariff on “dumped” steel from China &amp, other countries, and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries, both of which are coming back strong!Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!Today, I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT @SpecialOlympics, whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!We must protect our Great Lakes, keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. That’s why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.Under my Administration, we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment...There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?Bernie Sanders, “The Economy is doing well, and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way, the Boston players were GREAT guys!The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2% GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just don’t get it!Also, congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (“thank you President Trump”)!Thank you @foxandfriends, great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!I say openly to President Xi &amp, all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal, almost completed, &amp, you backed out!..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....information! As long as President Trump is President, his opposition will use every tool, and misuse every tool available, to make his life miserable.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs  Sadly, this proves I am doing a great job - Also, Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!“It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General, who is very sophisticated &amp, knows it isn’t about him, it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of..........overthrow the President through an illegal coup.” (Recommended by previous DOJ) @TomFitton @JudicialWatch....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, &amp, now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying, perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.” @LouDobbsChina is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course), it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts,” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion &amp, No Obstruction, the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies, and with NO REASON. That’s all they want to do - don’t care about anything else!Despite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax, the biggest in American history!....employment numbers ever, low taxes &amp, regulations, a rebuilt military &amp, V.A., many great new judges, &amp, so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp, hopefully guilty people will pay!The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their partner, the Fake News Media, are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history, best.......We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture), which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGAWe are right where we want to be with China. Remember, they broke the deal with us &amp, tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal), or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick &amp, unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian........President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins  @LouDobbs“The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job, the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did, and should be fearful. This is a tough.....I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp, employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp, much more), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky &amp, have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion, they only want to talk about Obstruction, even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am), and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!....into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one, and conversations....Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromoLooks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS, the greatest anywhere in the World!Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with “murder!”Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp, products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S........agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp, products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S.......James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp, will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans &amp, Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp, women who work there!House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States, Farmers &amp, Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannityBig announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!“The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITCGetting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where we’ve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.Republicans shouldn’t vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!....in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio...“This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  @kilmeade @foxandfriends“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, &amp, people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?” @SteveForbesCEO @MariaBartiromo“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo....Guess what, that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We’ll see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!The reason for the China pullback &amp, attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come........you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!Real estate developers in the 1980’s &amp, 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered “tax shelter,” ......I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGADemocrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!....Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example, Florida got $12 Billion &amp, Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to......Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty, actually, like never before. Don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing!The United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, we’re not going to be doing that anymore!Also, there are “No High Crimes &amp, Misdemeanors,” No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and that’s what the Dems should be looking at, but they won’t. Nevertheless, the tables are turning!“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” @OANN  In other words, Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history..........The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.........To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens....Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....“This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying.” Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, I’m not going to charge this person (there wasn’t even close to being a crime), but I’m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report), and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!After spending more than $35,000,000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats &amp, 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller...........of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!For 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars....The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp, tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others), a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media &amp, Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, &amp, will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him &amp, does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN, @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp, Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannityAs the great people of IA, IL, &amp, MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor, @GovParsonMO, @GovPritzker, and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!....We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing....Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page (finally), “Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.” @foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE, but the reverse!...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly &amp, time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border), Infrastructure, much lower drug prices &amp, much more - and do it now!OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and, in fact, they were rebuffed.........and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump), but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbsGallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 (fairly new), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley....embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete....I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records &amp,, at the same time, make our National Debt start to look small!China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go.......European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous country’s in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U.S.The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon, but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of “journalism,” and certainly a low point in @nytimes history!Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished, with a finding of NO COLLUSION &amp, NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.), the Dems are going around saying, “Bob who, sorry, don’t know the man.”The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats, even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) &amp, great future!........The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I’m only here because of Biden &amp, Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!I’ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership, those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues, medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy, tax &amp, reg cuts, military etc. WIN!....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of sorts. They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G., who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization, &amp, others. It must get its act together quickly, stop the internal fighting, &amp, get back to GREATNESS - FAST!I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad  of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough, watch!....for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders........Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court, and I said NO, he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good “pal” of low ratings Shepard Smith.Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano....Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern, live on @FoxNews!Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGAThoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp, stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history &amp, NO C OR O!“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp, demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Starting Gate!.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime), headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media, I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller, even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I didn’t need McGahn to do it, I could have done it myself. Nevertheless,....The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children, regardless of background, deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done, so important!.@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled, “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp, Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of AmericaRep. Occasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp, Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of AmericaI didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post, he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News.....Congress has no time to legislate, they only want to continue the Witch Hunt, which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!No Collusion, No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems, plus I allowed everyone to testify, including W.H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this, but now they want more.....Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!.....are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors,” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary, the Dems, the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON, so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!The Mueller Report, despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters, and with unlimited money behind it ($35,000,000), didn’t lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach, I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only......Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending &amp, returning!A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border &amp, call up the Military. The Coyotes &amp, Cartels have weapons!The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday, the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question, a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” @OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!Great golf champion &amp, friend, Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, &amp, Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonthKEEP AMERICA GREAT!The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” @MariaBartiromo  So true, but they don’t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory, hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31%. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.” @MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe), who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time, has nosedived, too Angry...In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &amp,  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees &amp, beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!Just spoke to @LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxBusiness!Isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me, by far, and knew the Campaign better than anyone, were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ‘NO COLLUSION’ and only very good things!Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, mostly concerning Immigration, Taxes, Trade, and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.My friend Herman Cain, a truly wonderful man, has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion, No Obstruction), so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary &amp, criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!Good night of television! 8:00 PM @WattersWorld  9:00 PM @JudgeJeanine with interview of @RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!Check out @MarkLevinShow: Life, Liberty &amp, Levin on @FoxNews now (7pm)!The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place &amp, was written as nastily as possible by 13 (18) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters, including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself, the end result is No Collusion, No Obstruction!....big, fat, waste of time, energy and money - $30,000,000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes, perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!...agreed to testify, it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me, some of which are total bullshit &amp, only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened, a...Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report, in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, which are fabricated &amp, totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called “notes,” when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never....“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper &amp, Brennan, all lies” @TuckerCarlson“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime, and found they couldn’t, it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.”  @TuckerCarlsonWhen there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @marthamaccallum  @FoxNewsAnything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity  &amp, @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!“Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANNPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.....in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did....Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier’s discredited author, Trump hater Christopher Steele. @OANN  @JudicialWatch  The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops, Crooked Hillary and the DNC.I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and that’s a good thing, not a bad thing!Many Trump Fans &amp, Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with @FoxNews?Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly, @BretBaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have @donnabrazile?No Collusion - No Obstruction!A must read, Andy McCarthy’s column today, “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!God bless the people of France!The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s @TheMasters, &amp, to inform him that because of his incredible Success &amp, Comeback in Sports (Golf) and, more importantly, LIFE, I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!....Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops, Dems and Crooked Hillary!The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime.....Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!Mark Morgan, President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: “President Trump, stay the course.” I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!Mueller, and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence), have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!What do I know about branding, maybe nothing (but I did become President!), but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, &amp, REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx.@SteveHiltonx  “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!Such a “puff piece” on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes, yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated &amp, committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn’t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.Congratulations to @TigerWoods., a truly Great Champion!Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management &amp, high taxes!Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don’t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities &amp, towns?I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake &amp, Corrupt News!....When I won the Election in 2016, the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist, a fraud. They will lie &amp, cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!....extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as reported, giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report, so now they’re trying everything else.”  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!President Obama’s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one, rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better, “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done, absolutely done, he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!“And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr’s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.” @LouDobbs  @FoxNewsHouse Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan. We can’t afford it anyway, and it’s not happening!Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States, which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony &amp, Treasonous Hoax!Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, &amp, that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H“What’s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller.” Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO.  @VarneycoThe Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly), became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didn’t get either &amp, the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless,....The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but that’s the way life goes!Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.” @KatiePavlich“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp, Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary.......I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service....Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!Looks like Bob Mueller’s team of 13 Trump Haters &amp, Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt &amp, dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!....In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous &amp, massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry....We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic &amp, commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back.........years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated, “Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino  @foxandfriends“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over.” @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.Will soon be landing in Calexico, California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction &amp, keeping our Country SAFE – not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can’t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work, which it will, I will close the Border.......The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbsI am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!The New York Times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the Mueller Report. In fact, they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed, the Economy is looking very strong, the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely, there is little or no Inflation, and USA optimism is very high!THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action, Border, or large sections of Border, will close. This is a National Emergency!...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the @nytimes, but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me &amp, the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better &amp, less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...“I haven’t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun, our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.” Art Del Cueto, National Border Patrol Council.After many years (decades), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats, until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30,000,000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems don’t even acknowledge his name, have become totally unhinged, and would like to go through the whole process again. It won’t happen!In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report, which the Dems hate, he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! @foxandfriends....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people, but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments, and so little appreciation!Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane, more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before, &amp, all their local politicians do is complain &amp, ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, &amp, only take from USA........the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico, and now the Dems want to give them more, taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!....are GREAT, but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas &amp, Florida combined, yet their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA &amp, the Military worked emergency miracles, but politicians like.....The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history. The people of Puerto Rico.........back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also, Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime, the USA is doing better than ever &amp, is respected again!....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) &amp, deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive &amp, much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate &amp, win......Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn’t work. Premiums &amp, deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report, it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! @SenRickScott  @senatemajldr @SenJohnBarrasso  @SenBillCassidyCan you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!Democrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released, most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero, Bob Mueller, no longer exists!The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!“Outrageous, it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman, @WSJEverybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens, @nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp, we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour, and then a vote, the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime, they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans, even if good for USA!In honor of his past service to our Country, Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! @foxandfriends @RepRalphNormanSo funny that The New York Times &amp, The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!...The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass &amp, Complain &amp, Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, we’ve got a Country to run!Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth.....Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0% GDP, &amp, Stock Market, would have both been much higher &amp, World Markets would be in a better place!Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!....the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.), that the Border closing would be a good thing!....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING.....The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, &amp, they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, &amp, Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp, drugs!The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile, price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!Wow, ratings for “Morning Joe,” which were really bad in the first place, just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows, Fake News never wins!Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!FBI &amp, DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown,” have ZERO credibility or respect, &amp, must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, &amp, others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North &amp, South Carolina &amp, all over!....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!Just met with @SundarPichai, President of @Google, who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military, not the Chinese Military....The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President, me! T.V. ratings of CNN &amp, MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlsonThank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders, Drugs and Crime!The Republican Party will become “The Party of Healthcare!”“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.”  @BretBaier  @FoxNewsNo Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Good Morning, Have A Great Day!It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp, angry that I, with her help, didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER &amp, husband from hell!The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp, the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp, we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp, different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71%, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll, just out, states, “50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio), in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box” and then, after that failed, with the “Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care, I just want it open!Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, that’s where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp, prosper, be weak &amp, die! Stay true....Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp, the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp, the Dems, working together,  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp, Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp, Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGAIt’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over &amp, over, without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriendsOn the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp, across the Midwest, especially the Farmers &amp, Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp, emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding, high winds, &amp, road closures.....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp, conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....So, if there was knowingly &amp, acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp, all stated no crime), then the Special Counsel.......“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ &amp, CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump, all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriendsThe ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriendsMy warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!VETO!A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!....If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriendsThe Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp, the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump, @FoxNews“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge, @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNewsRepublican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouseThe Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!KEEP AMERICA GREAT!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!....needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, there’s weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts &amp, worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!At a recent round table meeting of business executives, &amp, long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp, words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, &amp, it became yet another bad Trump story!“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!More people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment &amp, much more!“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters....and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGAWacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget &amp, in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!....as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp, Senate Intelligence &amp, Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp, the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, &amp, Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!Hans Von Spakovsky, “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month....Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp, the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp, Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngramRepresentative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity.... Amazon, like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp, switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games”, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp, fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!....President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for anyThe reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M., a great show!“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp, couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green, (R-TN).After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he........said was a total lie, but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted &amp, corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp, should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!@TeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam, not 3 hours!Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef, pork, etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions........for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, “gee, I have an idea, let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, let’s see what happens!I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnewsGreat meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp, then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan &amp, South Korea will be very helpful!Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it’s where the action is!Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp, fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp, its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @VarneycoI hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!....productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp, China!I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very......So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham, so true!There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!God Bless the people of Venezuela!Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbsI never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNewsRemember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying &amp, leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!Great analysis by @foxandfriends!....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught.....“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNewsThe Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!“These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush LimbaughTHE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!52% Approval Rating, 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The “people” are SMART!Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal, and more, today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!BUILDING THE WALL!Great job by law enforcement in Aurora, Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp, Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!funding bill....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp, the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants, like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!The Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts), but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock....The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with North Korea, V.A., High Taxes &amp, too many Regulations, Border, Immigration &amp, HealthCare problems, &amp, much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!The media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been reported as a positive, not negative. When the term Executive Time is used, I am generally working, not relaxing. In fact, I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....It was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp, now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas &amp, the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp, be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me, because I have gotten to know him &amp, fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 &amp, 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp, advancing the cause of peace!I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man....It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp, report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp, Russia....Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehillNot only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, &amp, the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrettHighly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate, after spending a fortune, like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight &amp, putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp, will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp, Tiger like each other.I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated, “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and, after many years, spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted &amp, discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNTJust out: The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media &amp, Dems said were made to his father (me), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp, business associates of Don. Really sad!Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion, high taxes, Open Borders and Crime!Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built, I don’t expect much help!....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......With Murders up 33% in Mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriendsVery sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally, after many decades, properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!So great to watch &amp, listen to all these people who write books &amp, talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, &amp, say “gee, I’m in the White House, &amp, they’re not!....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....Dow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but....“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriendsIf the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing, getting remains, hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...When I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp, running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.“Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true, and not even close!A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President, they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced, it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smartest person.” Besides, America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry, but created many jobs. Also, billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.After all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges (99), Justices (2), Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade &amp, MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp, NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @JillianTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp, NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems &amp, Fake News like to portray the opposite!We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriendsWITCH HUNT!....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!Only fools, or people with a political agenda, don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, &amp, it was ignored.” Mark Morgan, Border Chief for “O”!Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!We have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal, both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border &amp, through dialogue. We will build the Wall!“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp, Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer &amp, the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page &amp, lover, Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp, Peter’s deleted texts &amp, Wiener’s laptop? Much more!I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days, if no deal is done, it’s off to the races!Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!...back home where they belong, no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, &amp, with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages &amp, remains....So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp, wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends“This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps &amp, welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.” @DougWeadA great new book just out, “Game of Thorns,” by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL!BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now), of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!Deroy Murdock, National Review: “We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson...big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp, gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNewsFormer FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp, Clinton Campaign, &amp, funded through a...The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp, inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp, hence, the term, Fake News!The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp, Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you, working hard!FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp, Unverified “Dossier,” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge NapolitanoWithout a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriendsNick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!Looking like Nick Sandman &amp, Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlsonDemocrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSELast year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonxCurt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshowCongratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal &amp, Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!Don’t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I’ll get back to you soon!Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp, has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp, drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp, allow people to go back to work.Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!Always heard that as President, “it’s all about the economy!” Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, &amp, more. But LITTLE media mention!I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp, the even more disgraceful coverage!The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp, all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.AMERICA FIRST!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp, Drugs now!Kevin Corke, @FoxNews “Don’t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp, her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!“In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannityThank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp, Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriendsGetting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes &amp, 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house, he’s supposed to be there!So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp, more responsible hands!....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNewsThe damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!I’m in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic, there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos, there is NONE. In fact, there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me, and...Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 &amp, 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!Lyin’ James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, &amp, more, all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, &amp, as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!.....who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, &amp, the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop.........Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp, botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie),....Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason &amp, with no proof, after I fired Lyin’ James Comey, a total sleaze!Drug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!...The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs &amp, so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay, including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.I often said during rallies, with little variation, that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!We lose 300 Americans a week, 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp, the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp, walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp, money!Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp, money!Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp, Accountability. Economy &amp, GDP are strong. Tax &amp, Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W.H.Talks with China are going very well!“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis, United SteelworkersEconomic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, &amp, those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, “Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt, but let’s get our deal done in Congress!....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration, and me, look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp, write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well, yet this is a sad day in America!With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts, the Fake News &amp, totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp, less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U.S.A.Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked...” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!“Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPORTV.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News, Enemy of the People, and Opposition Party!Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN, a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL!  In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS-13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama &amp, the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp, settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall), something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badly! This would be so easy to do!Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events, including Fake sources, has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress, “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbsThe story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man, but I don’t know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020, too much success!....President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, it’s 20 years overdue....The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp, WIN!For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can’t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - &amp, he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!Happy New Year!HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless bells &amp, whistles...MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp, Canada will also thrive - good for all!STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American, &amp, badly wounded many others, not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime, including recently........followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back &amp, forth over the legal arguments, &amp, the W.H. decision was....qChristopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House &amp, political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....As hard as I work, &amp, as successful as our Country has become with our Economy, our Military &amp, everything else, it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time &amp, money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back &amp, forth over the legal arguments, &amp, the W.H. decision was....Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!